Washington (CNN) – It is a scene ripped from Hollywood spy thrillers: Russian agents living and working among everyday, American citizens as cover for their true mission of stealing state secrets.	1	0	0	politics
These "Spy 101" type tactics are spelled out nearly step-by-step in the FBI court filings from a 2015 case that names a person identified only as "Male 1."	0	0	0	politics
"Consistent with the politically motivated unmasking standards seen in the Obama Administration which have recently been exposed, my personal identity and earlier assistance of federal authorities in the 2015 case of U.S.A. v. BURYAKOV, SPORYSHEV and PODOBNYY was framed in an easily identifiable way that amplified the reputational damage against me," Page said in a statement to CNN.	1	0	0	politics
He has also called a FISA warrant on his communications reported by The Washington Post "unjustified," and rejected suggestions that he may have been acting as a foreign agent.	1	0	0	politics
The beginning stages of the recruitment process are built on the same principles as positive human interactions like friendship or dating.	0	0	0	politics
The interactions that followed were textbook recruitment tactics, according to the former official, who said a foreign spy will attempt to develop a casual relationship with targets, learning about their background and probing to determine whether or not they would be willing to share any type of information, even if it can be accessed publicly.	0	0	0	politics
"He writes to me in Russian so he can practice the language.	0	0	0	politics
"You get the documents from him, and tell him to go f*** himself."	1	0	0	politics
According to FBI testimony, investigators concluded that this conversation reflected a "recruitment method, which includes cheating, promising favors, and then discarding the intelligence source once the relevant information is obtained by the SVR," the Russian Federation's foreign intelligence service.	1	0	0	politics
At this point in the process, a foreign spy will use the information gathered about a target's background, either appealing to individual passions, offering favors or money, or resorting to blackmail to get cooperation, according to the former official.	1	0	0	politics
Page, who has consistently said that he did not know the Russians were spies, maintained in statements to CNN that he only "shared basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents," providing "nothing more than a few samples from the far more detailed lectures" he was preparing for his students.	1	0	0	politics
(The Associated Press)	0	0	0	health
Emergency rooms in Illinois are noticing a spike in synthetic pot users suffering from "severe bleeding," and state health officials are warning the public to remain vigilant.	1	0	0	health
The Illinois Department of Health (IDPH) issued a statement on in March announcing that at least six people in northeastern Illinois had been hospitalized after using the man-made substance -- also known as "fake weed," "K2" or "spice."	1	0	0	health
On Wednesday, the number of cases climbed to 118, including three deaths, the health department reported.	1	0	0	health
"All cases have required hospitalization for symptoms such as coughing up blood, blood in the urine, severe bloody nose, and/or bleeding gums," the IDPH said.	1	0	0	health
"Numerous have tested positive for brodifacoum, a lethal anticoagulant often used in rat poison."	1	0	0	health
But officials believe that number will grow, as it's possible contaminated products have been sold across the state.	1	0	0	health
"This bleeding is not expected, at least in such a significant population so quickly."	1	0	0	health
– Dr. Melissa Millewich	0	0	0	health
"Despite the perception that synthetic cannabinoids are safe and a legal alternative to marijuana, many are illegal and can cause severe illness," IDPH Director Nirav D. Shah said in a statement on March 27.	1	0	0	health
"The recent cases of severe bleeding are evidence of the harm synthetic cannabinoids can cause." 	1	0	0	health
Synthetic pot is made up of hundreds of different chemicals -- and their effect on the human body is unpredictable.	1	0	0	health
"These chemicals are called cannabinoids because they act on the same brain cell receptors as the main active ingredient in marijuana," IDPH explained, warning that the drug's impact can be life-threatening.	1	0	0	health
"Synthetic cannabinoid products are unsafe.	1	0	0	health
Users have reported a wide range of symptoms, from bleeding gums and bloody noses to blood in the urine.	1	0	0	health
Women who are menstruating have also experienced a higher than average flow.	1	0	0	health
Bleeding from the eyes and ears is also possible after use, IDPH said.	1	0	0	health
The bleeding that doctors have seen in recent days has been severe.	1	0	0	health
"This bleeding is not expected, at least in such a significant population so quickly," Dr. Melissa Millewich, an emergency room physician at Advocate Good Samaritan Hospital in Downers Grove, told the Chicago Tribune.	1	0	0	health
Charlottesville, Va., has Thomas Jefferson.	0	0	0	travel
New York City can claim Teddy Roosevelt.	0	0	0	travel
And Independence, Mo., is synonymous with our 33rd President, Harry S. Truman.	0	0	0	travel
He always called it "the best town in the world."	0	0	1	travel
Truman moved to Independence, just outside Kansas City, Mo., with his family as a young boy.	0	0	0	travel
It's where he became a judge, in the courthouse that now bears his name.	0	0	1	travel
And it's where he lived out his days after the presidency.	0	0	0	travel
Speaking from his porch in 1953, after he left the White House, Truman proudly said, "It's good to be back home in what I call the center of the world: Independence, Missouri."	0	0	1	travel
Our Land is a project from special correspondent Melissa Block.	0	0	0	travel
She's spending the next few months traveling the country, capturing how people's identity is shaped by where they live.	0	0	0	travel
Help her decide where to go and who to spend time with by filling out this form.	0	0	0	travel
Driving into the city along East Truman Road, you'll pass by Truman's Wash Tub and Mini Mart.	0	0	0	travel
You can pick up a Truman bobblehead doll at the "Wild About Harry" gift shop on historic Independence Square.	0	0	0	travel
There he is in silhouette, hat on head and cane in hand, on signage all over town.	0	0	0	travel
At Clinton's Soda Fountain, you can order "Harry's Favorite": a chocolate sundae topped with butterscotch.	0	0	0	travel
When Truman was 14, he got his first job at this spot, in what was then Clinton's drug store.	0	0	1	travel
He'd mop the floors, and get things in order.	0	0	0	travel
He also got some early exposure to hypocrisy.	1	0	0	travel
"Most of those people were the great high hats of Independence," he later recalled, "who were not in a frame of mind to go across the square to the saloons and buy their drinks openly.	1	0	0	travel
That's where I got my idea of what a real prohibitionist is."	0	0	0	travel
At Clinton's, I meet up with Lois McDonald, who works at the Independence Chamber of Commerce.	0	0	0	travel
"He's everywhere!"	0	0	0	travel
she laughs.	0	0	0	travel
"If you look out the window, he's standing right there."	0	0	0	travel
Indeed, there's Truman, cast in bronze, mid-stride, just outside the courthouse.	0	0	0	travel
City manager Zach Walker calls Independence "the biggest small town you'll ever be in.	0	0	0	travel
And I mean that lovingly," he adds.	0	0	0	travel
"Everybody knows everyone."	0	0	0	travel
"We're defined by our history, but we're certainly wanting to be more than just that, too."	0	0	0	travel
Walker hopes they can attract high tech jobs to jump-start the Independence economy.	0	1	1	travel
That's important, Lois McDonald says, "So that we don't just disappear into history.	1	1	0	travel
We have to stay relevant.	0	0	0	travel
City leaders also hope a revitalized Independence will attract more young people with families to move here, like 34-year-old Zac Gall.	0	1	1	travel
Gall grew up in Independence, but moved away to study writing.	0	0	0	travel
When his friends were settling down in Brooklyn, Austin and San Francisco, he and his wife decided to move back to Independence.	0	0	0	travel
Now, he teaches at Truman High School and he lives in the Truman boyhood home.	0	0	0	travel
"So we're just hitting all the Independence tropes, I guess!"	0	0	0	travel
he jokes.	0	0	0	travel
Gall tells me his mother recalls seeing the former president taking his daily constitutional through town.	0	0	0	travel
"You do feel his presence," he says.	0	0	0	travel
"The office at the top of the stairs that I have now – what I write and work out of – was Harry Truman's bedroom when he was a teenager.	0	0	0	travel
It's kind of wild!"	0	0	0	travel
The laughter and pure hysteria are infectious in this wildly enjoyable film.	0	0	1	arts-culture
It is nothing more nor less than an acerbic round-table chat between four of British theatre's most famed dames: Judi Dench, Joan Plowright, Eileen Atkins and Maggie Smith, which takes place at the country home Plowright shared with her late husband, Laurence Olivier (I seem to remember it being the site of Melvyn Bragg's South Bank Show special on Olivier in the 80s).	0	0	0	arts-culture
This is basically an Avengers: Infinity War of theatrical anecdotery: outrageously camp, with sensational stills and archive footage and very brisk assessment of the past – utterly unsentimental.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Judi Dench has an extraordinary anecdote about being patronised by a 17-year-old paramedic last summer when she was "stung on the bum by a hornet".	1	0	0	arts-culture
I've just done eight weeks in The Winter's Tale at the Garrick."	0	0	0	arts-culture
Dench also recounts her reply to Peter Hall's request that she play Cleopatra: "Are you sure you want a menopausal dwarf?" 	0	0	0	arts-culture
Atkins interrupts: "That's what she was." 	0	0	0	arts-culture
"That's how I played it."	0	0	0	arts-culture
The quartet agree that Antony and Cleopatra is very much Cleopatra's play and the actor playing Antony is always very annoyed to discover this.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Alan Bates was a key example, says one: "He actually wanted to play Cleopatra." 	0	0	0	arts-culture
There's an incredible clip of a 60s interview in which Smith says her delivery is stolen from Kenneth Williams – and the resemblance is unmistakable.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Dench has another glorious memory of protesting with Vanessa Redgrave against the Vietnam war in Trafalgar Square in the 1960s: "Vanessa got arrested and remembered she had a matinee."	1	1	0	arts-culture
Atkins says she began her career in a sort of children's gang show touring working men's clubs called the "KY School" after the leaders' initials – and couldn't understand why people looked embarrassed.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Inevitably, there is a fair bit of discussion of the male monsters in their lives, particularly Larry.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Technology?	0	0	0	politics
Bah humbug: "I think we ought to get on with our lives," said Donald Trump on Wednesday, summing up his take on the complex problem of apparently Russian phishing attacks on multiple Democratic party groups during the 2016 election.	1	1	0	politics
The whole age of computer has made it where nobody knows exactly what's going on."	1	0	0	politics
It's not the first time the president-elect has been stumped by the digital world, like a technophobe who unwrapped a computer-operated nuclear arsenal on Christmas morning.	1	0	0	politics
And the trouble isn't that nobody knows exactly what's going on in the "age of computer" – it's that technology poses some of the most complex problems in human history to the incoming administration.	1	0	0	politics
And its leader is a man who refers to "the cyber" and seems more concerned about the weight of the hacker, or possibly the bed – his syntax is mysterious – than about who broke into the Democratic National Committee.	1	0	0	politics
It could also be lots of other people.	0	0	0	politics
It also could be somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds, OK?	0	0	0	politics
Trump on the DNC hack during the second presidential debate	0	0	0	politics
US authorities spent 2016 attempting to chart new territory even beyond the DNC, DCCC and Clinton campaign hacks: how can Americans protect their infrastructure from attacks on the foundations of the internet, such as the Mirai botnet siege in October that took down some of the biggest, and most sophisticated, tech companies in the world?	1	0	0	politics
How can the nation's patchwork of electoral authorities repair voting systems prone to massive, potentially catastrophic error?	1	0	0	politics
Trump remains silent on the details of digital policy as the leader-to-be of a government in desperate need of consistent guiding principles.	1	0	0	politics
Instead, Trump appears to regard technology as a contact point for the same obsessions that drove his campaign.	1	0	0	politics
So now besides cyber hacking us all day, they are using the Norks to taunt us.	1	0	0	politics
China is a major threat.	1	0	0	politics
April 12, 2013	0	0	0	politics
What's up?	0	0	0	politics
"And some people are going to be upset about it, but I think that now everybody is feeling that security is going to rule.	1	1	0	politics
And so we're going to have to do certain things that were frankly unthinkable a year ago."	1	0	0	politics
Peter Thiel, who gave $1.25m to Trump, has called date rape 'belated regret'	1	0	0	politics
Read more	0	0	0	politics
The apparent lack of interest in the minutiae of his own positions has left his administration's tech strategy in the hands of Peter Thiel, the thin-skinned billionaire founder of PayPal who quietly bankrolled former pro wrestler Hulk Hogan's annihilating lawsuit against news outlet Gawker, apparently in retaliation for an article about Thiel's sexual orientation.	1	1	0	politics
Earlier this month, Thiel indulged Trump's own grudge against Twitter during the president-elect's "tech summit" at Trump Tower, shutting out the organization that provides Trump with his loudest megaphone reportedly because Twitter refused to add an emoji to the Trump campaign's #CrookedHillary sponsored hashtag during the election.	1	0	0	politics
Another of Thiel's companies, data-mining firm Palantir, already plays a powerful role: the company's services are likely to be used in any effort to deport undocumented immigrants, according to multiple reports.	1	1	0	politics
But for the president-elect himself, technology appears to be yet another venue for increasingly dangerous hobbies including threats to cut programs that benefit US allies, brinksmanship with China and unraveling Obamacare.	1	0	0	politics
December 18, 2016	0	0	0	politics
Trump calls net neutrality "a top-down power grab" that "will target conservative media"; he has often repeated his support for a registry of American Muslims, and generally demonstrates not merely a lack of proficiency in technology but a contempt for expertise.	1	1	0	politics
But like every rich guy who wants to stay that way, he keeps a couple of eggheads around, and between him and them, when it comes to tech policy they will make America ... something.	0	0	0	politics
Possibly not great.	0	0	0	politics
The race, in a state won comfortably by Donald Trump in 2016, had been too close to call since polls closed on Tuesday last week.	1	0	0	politics
Kemp had clung to a slim lead, staying just above the over 50% he needed to avoid a runoff election.	1	1	1	politics
At a press conference on Friday evening, Abrams refused to call her acknowledgement of Kemp's victory a concession, arguing that Kemp's record as secretary of state, marred by widespread allegations of voter suppression, made it impossible.	1	0	0	politics
Voter suppression is an all-American problem we can fight – and win	1	1	1	politics
Cas Mudde	0	0	0	politics
Read more	0	0	0	politics
"I will not concede because the erosion of our democracy is not right," she said.	1	0	0	politics
Because concession means to acknowledge an action is right, true or proper," she continued.	0	0	0	politics
"As a woman of conscience and faith I cannot concede that.	1	0	0	politics
But my assessment is the law currently allows no further viable remedy."	1	0	0	politics
Kemp, a hardline conservative closely aligned with Donald Trump, had remained Georgia's secretary of state overseeing elections throughout the campaign, prompting suggestions of a conflict of interest.	1	0	0	politics
The Abrams campaign filed a lawsuit shortly after polls closed to push for election workers to have more time to count provisional and absentee ballots.	1	1	0	politics
But on Friday she acknowledged her campaign would bring no more litigation to contest the outcome of the vote.	1	0	0	politics
Instead, during a speech loaded with criticism of her opponent, Abrams said she planned to file a federal lawsuit against the state over what she described as "the gross mismanagement of this election and to protect future elections".	1	1	0	politics
She called on Kemp to ensure the protection of the vote as he became the state's 83rd governor.	0	1	0	politics
"I will pray for the success of Brian Kemp, that he will indeed be a leader for all Georgians " ... that he will refuse the call of those who see how close this election really was.	1	1	1	politics
"We can no longer dwell on the divisive politics of the past but must focus on Georgia's bright and promising future," he said.	1	1	1	politics
The gubernatorial race in Georgia drew national attention throughout the midterm election cycle as Barack Obama and Donald Trump rallied for the candidates of their respective parties.	0	0	0	politics
The state, in America's deep south, has not elected a Democratic governor since 1998 and had been seen as a potential bellwether of the strength of Democratic resistance to Republicans since the election of Donald Trump.	1	1	0	politics
During his eight year tenure as Georgia's secretary of state, Kemp drew criticism for backing controversial voting laws that critics said disproportionately affected black voters.	1	0	0	politics
Washington (CNN) – Prosecutor John Crabb Jr. approached Judge Amy Berman Jackson sheepishly at first.	1	0	0	politics
The federal judge in Washington had briefly turned Roger Stone's hours-long sentencing hearing to focus on the Justice Department leadership's trampling its career prosecutors the previous week.	1	0	0	politics
At that moment Thursday, whether he wanted to or not, Crabb became the face of the Justice Department's crisis in court.	1	0	0	politics
Crabb sided with the prosecutors and not Justice Department leadership, who wanted a lighter recommended sentence for Stone, or the President, who called the case unfair.	1	0	0	politics
This prosecution was and this prosecution is righteous," Crabb said.	0	0	1	politics
Over the 2-and-a-half hours of Stone's sentencing, Crabb made clear the Justice Department was now walking back nearly everything Justice Department leadership had done over the past week.	1	0	0	politics
Jackson, a former trial attorney herself, grilled Crabb with questions about what happened.	1	0	0	politics
"Is there anything you'd like to say about why you're the one standing here?"	0	0	0	politics
"I want to make clear to the Court that this confusion was not caused by the original trial team."	1	0	0	politics
The prosecutors in his office last Monday had calculated a sentence of about seven to nine years for Stone would be appropriate.	0	0	0	politics
The US Attorney's Office in DC had authorized the original memo, with even the recently appointed US Attorney Tim Shea approving it, Crabb said.	0	0	0	politics
Justice Department headquarters and the US Attorney's Office had spoken about it, but "there was a miscommunication between the Attorney General and the United States Attorney for the District of Columbia as to the authorization and the expectations that the Attorney General had," he said.	1	0	0	politics
Crabb said he didn't personally know about the miscommunication, and that he wouldn't say in court whether a superior forced him to write the revised memo.	1	0	0	politics
"I'm not at liberty to discuss internal deliberations," he said.	0	0	0	politics
Jackson pointed out to him that it's department policy to prosecute the most serious offense possible in cases in order to reach higher possible sentencing recommendations.	1	1	0	politics
But the revised memo downplayed both of those sets of threats.	1	0	0	politics
"For those of you who are new to this, or who woke up last week and became persuaded that the guidelines are harsh … I can assure you that defense attorneys and many judges have been making that point for a long time," she quipped at the start of the hearing.	1	0	0	politics
In only one way did Crabb stick with the revised memo: saying that prosecutors would defer to the judge on the amount of prison time.	0	1	0	politics
In the updated memo, which Crabb signed, it said less than seven was more appropriate.	0	0	0	politics
Crabb clarified on Thursday the Justice Department believed Stone should get "substantial" prison time.	1	0	0	politics
She believed the facts of Stone's case put his legal sentencing calculation between almost 6 years and more than 7 years.	1	0	0	politics
But Jackson ultimately sentenced Stone to three years and four months in prison, plus supervised release and a $20,000 fine.	1	0	0	politics
He is still fighting in court for a new trial.	1	0	0	politics
(CNN) – Swedish actor Max von Sydow, who made his name in the films of Ingmar Bergman before featuring in international hits like " Game of Thrones ," has died at the age of 90.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Von Sydow passed away on Sunday, according to representatives at Diamond Management, which said "it is with a broken heart and with infinite sadness that we have the extreme pain of announcing the departure of Max."	1	0	0	arts-culture
He was a well-known figure in both European and American cinema, starring in films from Bergman's masterpiece "The Seventh Seal" to international blockbusters such as "Star Wars: The Force Awakens."	0	0	1	arts-culture
Born on April 10, 1929 in Lund, Sweden, von Sydow attended the acting school at Stockholm's Royal Dramatic Theatre before working in theaters in Norrköping and Malmö.	0	0	0	arts-culture
The Exorcist' still turns heads at 40	0	0	1	arts-culture
His star started to rise internationally after working with Bergman on a number of movies, with "The Seventh Seal" (1957) proving a particular catalyst.	0	1	1	arts-culture
Read More 	0	0	0	politics
This led to roles abroad, including Jesus in "The Greatest Story Ever Told" (1965) and Father Lankester Merrin in " The Exorcist " (1973).	0	0	0	arts-culture
He was nominated for Oscars for "Pelle the Conqueror" in 1988 and for "Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close" in 2012.	0	0	1	arts-culture
At almost 2 meters tall, with a slim build and a distinctive, gaunt face, von Sydow was a striking on-screen presence.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Industry figures including Edgar Wright, writer and director of movies such as "Baby Driver" and "Shaun of the Dead," were effusive in their tributes to the actor.	0	0	0	arts-culture
"He changed the face of international film with Bergman, played Christ, fought the devil, pressed the HOT HAIL button & was Oscar nominated for a silent performance.	0	1	1	arts-culture
A god."	0	0	0	arts-culture
He changed the face of international film with Bergman, played Christ, fought the devil, pressed the HOT HAIL button & was Oscar nominated for a silent performance.	0	1	1	arts-culture
A god.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Producer Jonathan Sothcott also paid homage on Twitter.	0	0	0	arts-culture
"RIP #MaxvonSydow a brilliant, brilliant actor and a true Hollywood legend," he wrote .	0	0	1	arts-culture
"We have lost one of the true greats."	1	0	0	arts-culture
He says he was "overwhelmed with gratitude."	0	0	1	politics
A few hours later President Trump welcomed them to the White House, saying it was a "very tough ordeal."	1	0	0	politics
The Utah man's mother, Laurie Holt, thanked Mr. Trump and the lawmakers for her son's safe return, adding: "I also want to say thank you to President Maduro for releasing Josh and letting him to come home."	0	1	1	politics
Mr. Trump, in a tweet, described Holt as a "hostage."	1	0	0	politics
The U.S. contended Holt was held on trumped up charges.	1	0	0	politics
Yet Holt's release had seemed unlikely even a week ago.	1	0	0	politics
Joining Mr. Trump in the Oval Officer were Corker, Utah Sens. Orrin Hatch and Mike Lee and Utah Rep. Mia Love.	0	0	0	politics
The lawmakers thanked the president for his support.	0	0	1	politics
The White House learned from Corker on Friday of Holt's impending release, according to a U.S. official who has closely followed Holt's plight and spoke on condition of anonymity to describe the private talks.	1	1	0	politics
Holt and his wife were reunited at the Caracas airport with her daughter from a previous relationship, and all three boarded a chartered flight to Washington.	0	1	1	politics
When he departed the Caracas airport earlier, Holt told The Associated Press that the ordeal had left him "exhausted."	1	0	0	politics
Venezuela's communications minister, Jorge Rodriguez, said their release was a goodwill gesture that followed months of dialogue between the Maduro government and U.S. lawmakers.	0	1	1	politics
"We're praying that this type of gesture ... will allow us to strengthen what we've always sought: dialogue, harmony, respect for our independence and respect for our sovereignty," he said.	0	1	1	politics
Holt, now 26, set out for the South American country in June 2016 to marry a woman he met online while looking for Spanish-speaking Mormons who could help him improve his Spanish.	0	1	0	politics
He had planned to spend several months in Caracas that summer with his new wife and her two daughters, to secure their visas so they could move with him to the U.S.	0	1	0	politics
Instead, the couple was arrested that June 30 at her family's apartment in a government housing complex on the outskirts of Caracas.	1	0	0	politics
Authorities accused him of stockpiling an assault rifle and grenades, and suggested that his case was linked to other unspecified U.S. attempts to undermine Maduro's rule amid deep economic and political turbulence.	1	0	0	politics
They were held in a notorious Caracas prison, run by the secret police, that also is home to dozens of top Maduro opponents jailed during the past few years of political unrest in the country.	1	0	0	politics
Their trial was set to begin this month after repeated delays that led the Trump administration to question the motives for his detention.	1	0	0	politics
Until Mr. Trump's tweet on Saturday, the U.S. had stopped short of publicly calling Holt a "hostage."	1	0	0	politics
Holt's release looked unlikely a week ago, when he appeared in a clandestinely shot video railing against the Maduro government and saying his life was threatened in a prison riot.	1	0	0	politics
Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., spoke to Mr. Trump at length Friday night and later said the couple's release "will in no way change U.S. policy toward the dictatorship in Venezuela."	1	0	0	politics
The White House press secretary issued a statement to that point Saturday night, saying policy was not changing even while thanking the government for releasing the Holts.	0	0	0	politics
The statement also called the recent elections "illegitimate" and urged the release of all political prisoners.	1	0	0	politics
The Trump administration has threatened crippling oil sanctions on Venezuela for Maduro's decision to go forward with the presidential election last week.	1	0	0	politics
The U.S. government at first avoided ratcheting up public pressure on Venezuela in light of their already strained relations, but eventually raised Holt's case with the highest levels of the Venezuelan government and decried his treatment in prison.	1	0	0	politics
Corker was seen live on state TV on Friday shaking hands with Maduro and being greeted by first lady Cilia Flores as he entered the presidential palace.	0	0	0	politics
Corker left an hour later; neither the senator nor the president made any statements.	0	0	0	politics
Laurie Holt worked feverishly to bring attention to her son's incarceration, hosting rallies, fundraisers and doing media interviews.	1	1	0	politics
She said her son has suffered numerous health problems in jail, including kidney stones and respiratory problems.	1	0	0	politics
He was depressed and at one point lost so much weight that he dropped several pant sizes, she said.	1	0	0	politics
In their statement, the Holt family said, "We thank you for your collaboration during this time of anguish.	1	1	1	politics
We ask that you allow us to meet with our son and his wife before giving any interviews and statements.	0	0	0	politics
We are grateful to all who participated in this miracle."	0	0	1	politics
Seoul, South Korea (CNN) – South Korea's top public health official hopes that the country has already gone through the worst of the novel coronavirus outbreak that has infected thousands inside the country.	1	1	0	health
"We are hoping that we have passed the peak, taking the numbers into consideration, and cautiously expecting we have passed the peak," South Korean Health Minister Park Neunghoo said in an exclusive interview with CNN.	0	1	1	health
South Korean Health Minister Park Neunghoo.	0	0	0	health
More than 7,300 coronavirus infections have been confirmed throughout South Korea, killing more than 50.	1	0	0	health
It is one of the largest outbreaks outside mainland China, where the deadly virus was first identified.	1	0	0	health
However, the number of new daily infections in South Korea has declined in recent days.	1	1	0	health
Park said that while he believes the aggregate number of infections is high, he is confident in the job South Korea did to combat the virus' spread and would advise other governments who are dealing with outbreaks to focus efforts on early testing and global cooperation.	1	1	0	health
The South Korean government has been among the most ambitious when it comes to providing the public with free and easy testing options.	0	0	1	health
It has the ability run about 15,000 diagnostic test per day and has conducted 196,000 tests to date nationwide, free of charge.	0	0	1	health
Authorities in the city of Goyang even set up drive-thru testing booths.	0	0	0	health
Read More	0	0	0	health
"Detecting patients at an early stage is very important and we learned the simple lessons by dealing with this virus that this is very contagious -- and once it starts, it spreads very quickly and in very wide areas," Park said.	1	1	0	health
"Raising the testing capability is very important because that way, you can detect someone who's carrying the virus, then you can contain the virus."	1	1	0	health
Park said only about 10% of coronavirus patients required hospitalization, while the rest had strong enough immune systems to fight the virus on their own.	1	1	0	health
About three quarters of all the cases have been identified in the city of Daegu and 63% of all cases in the country are directly related to Shinchonji religious group , the South Korean Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said.	1	0	0	health
South Korean authorities believe it's possible that the country's outbreak began with Shincheonji.	1	0	0	health
Park said the number of cases linked to Shincheonji could be as high as 90% of all coronavirus infections throughout the country, when counting those directly and indirectly linked to the religious group.	1	0	0	health
He also said that while most members agreed to be tested for the virus, there were a few that refused, and that may have slowed down the government's response.	1	0	0	health
"That's why the government officials sought their consent," he said.	0	0	0	health
"Of course had we been able to test them sooner it could have been easier for us to deal with it so that is a disappointing part of it."	1	0	0	health
"Without this particular group we might have been able to contain and cope in this fight against the virus but we encountered a very particular and unique religious group so we are trying to block and contain this infection while protecting freedom of citizens, and we are hoping to be able to see a resolution in a short time," he said.	1	1	0	health
World's oldest department store feels like the streets of Paris 	0	0	0	travel
Vivian Song, CNN • Updated 10th March 2020 	0	0	0	travel
Facebook Twitter Email 	0	0	0	travel
Up next 	0	0	0	travel
Paris (CNN) – As the cradle of high fashion, Paris gave the world designers like Coco Chanel, Yves Saint Laurent and Christian Dior, who in turn gifted the world some of fashion history's most enduring iconography, including the LBD, or little black dress.	0	0	1	travel
But there are two other French figures who don't get nearly as much credit in the fashion and retail world as they should, given that they are probably more relevant to the average household than Chanel and Dior.	1	0	0	travel
The husband and wife team were revolutionary in this fast-changing industry called retail.	0	0	1	travel
Le Bon Marché was founded in Paris in 1852, making it the world's oldest and longest-running department store.	0	0	1	travel
Yvan Matrat/Courtesy Le Bon Marché Rive Gauche 	0	0	0	travel
The practice of returning merchandise for a refund?	0	0	0	travel
Mail order catalogs à la Ikea and J. Crew?	0	0	0	travel
In fact, the Boucicauts published the world's first department store catalog and included fabric swatches for customers to select the color and material of their attire.	0	1	1	travel
They enabled – and empowered – shoppers to customize their designs.	0	1	1	travel
And the modern, now-ubiquitous practice of free delivery for purchases of $25 or more?	0	0	0	travel
You could say Le Bon Marché was a forerunner in that department as well, introducing home delivery 160 years ago for mail orders costing over 25 francs.	0	0	1	travel
While the retail industry has changed a great deal since 1852, Le Bon Marché has maintained a strong foothold, evolving in response to industry changes and shoppers' proclivities.	0	1	1	travel
Customers looking for a deal rummage through the sales racks; the tactile ones run materials through their fingers, while window shoppers with no agenda waltz through the store, letting their gazes take in the goods.	0	0	0	travel
It's a common enough scene that could be replayed across town at Galeries Lafayette, Printemps or any other department store, in any other city in the world.	0	0	0	travel
Le Bon Marché bills itself as the small, big department store, a play on words in French (le petit grand magasin).	0	0	0	travel
For starters, let's begin with the one-stop shop.	0	0	0	travel
In the 19th century, if you needed an umbrella, you went to a shop specializing in umbrellas.	0	0	0	travel
Same for women's clothing or shoes.	0	0	0	travel
Most shops specialized in one single item, explains Eléna Fertil, Le Bon Marché's head of cultural events, and all merchandise was stocked behind the counter.	0	0	0	travel
While this way of procuring items may sound romantic, it was also a bit tedious.	1	0	0	travel
"The customer saw nothing.	1	0	0	travel
When Aristide joined the small shop on the corner of rue du Bac and rue de Sèvres in 1852 as a partner with the Videau brothers, he introduced modern, little-known practices that brought merchandise out into the open for customers to browse and touch.	0	1	1	travel
He also attached a fixed price to the goods.	0	0	0	travel
Previously, when customers walked into a shop, it was understood they would walk out with a purchase.	0	0	0	travel
But at Bon Marché entry was "free."	0	0	0	travel
Customers were invited to enter and browse at their leisure.	0	0	0	travel
No purchase necessary.	0	0	0	travel
And if they had buyer's remorse – too small, too big, too expensive – they could exchange or return the item for a full refund.	1	1	0	travel
Related content 	0	0	0	travel
World's best cities for people who love to shop 	0	0	1	travel
A gathering space for the female bourgeoisie 	0	0	0	travel
Along with rewriting the codes of commerce, the store would become a "haven of freedom and pleasure" for Parisian women of the bourgeoisie, writes Monica Burckhardt in "Le Bon Marché Rive Gauche: The Invention of the Department Store," published in 2013 and commissioned by Le Bon Marché.	0	0	1	travel
There, monied wives could spend an entire day daydreaming and socializing, independent of their husbands.	0	1	0	travel
"Back then, cities were men's spaces," adds Jan Whitaker, a consumer historian from North Hampton, Massachusetts who authored the 2011 book "The World of Department Stores."	0	0	0	travel
"If you were an upper middle-class woman, the streets were a vulnerable place to be.	1	0	0	travel
So department stores became women's spaces, and that was really significant."	0	1	1	travel
"These were grandiose buildings that lower classes would otherwise never be invited into.	1	1	0	travel
The fact that they could go in there freely and that somebody would wait on you was not something to be taken for granted."	0	1	0	travel
After buying out the Videau brothers and taking complete ownership in 1863, the couple expanded the space and added new features and services that were deemed game changers at the time: a reading room for waiting husbands, a salon offering complimentary food and refreshments, billiard room, hairdressing salon, travel office and live concerts events.	0	1	1	travel
Gustave Eiffel was one of the contributing engineers who helped design the building's steel structure.	0	0	0	travel
But one of the Boucicauts' biggest legacies, which is given special honor to this day, is their support of the fine arts.	0	0	1	travel
Avant-gardists, the couple opened an art gallery in 1875 within the department store, offering artists who had been turned away by the Paris Salon -- the official art exhibition of the Academy of Fine Arts in Paris -- a home for their works and a large public audience, Burckhardt wrote.	1	1	0	travel
Stroll through the store today 145 years later, and you'll note that paintings, photographs, drawings and sculptures – a contemporary art collection curated over the last 30 years – line store walls and are placed strategically amidst the luxury goods.	0	0	0	travel
In 2016, the store invited Chinese artist and activist Ai Weiwei to launch a new art program, designed to pay homage to Aristide's creation of the annual White Sale in January.	0	1	0	travel
As the story goes, Boucicault was walking around, despondent at seeing the shop so empty following the Christmas holidays.	1	0	0	travel
After looking out the window and seeing it snow, he decided to pull out all the white merchandise in the store and hold a big sales event, Fertil explained.	0	0	0	travel
In a nod to this tradition, the store launched a program inviting international contemporary artists to create customized pop-up installations for Le Bon Marché every January.	0	1	0	travel
Their only request?	0	0	0	travel
That it center around the color white.	0	0	0	travel
Everything else is carte blanche, as they say, for the artists.	0	0	0	travel
Some loyal customers come every year to seek out our exhibits, but we know that others who've come just to shop may be pleasantly surprised to discover expositions like these."	0	0	1	travel
Related content	0	0	0	travel
The rebranding of Le Bon Marché 	0	0	0	travel
A 1984 rebranding included the brand's targeting the high-end luxury market.	0	0	0	travel
Archives du Bon Marché Rive Gauche 	0	0	0	travel
Today, Le Bon Marché bills itself as the small, big department store, a play on words in French (le petit grand magasin).	0	0	0	travel
Indeed, like the streets of Paris, to stroll through the department store is to stroll by architectural gems, most notably under the dozen skylights originally designed to corral a flood of natural light into the store and help spotlight the merchandise.	0	0	1	travel
Today, Boucicaut's understanding of lighting and product marketing is an indispensable part of retail layout and design.	0	0	1	travel
The department store now stocks some of the world's most exclusive luxury brands.	0	0	1	travel
Gabriel de la Chapelle/Courtesy Le Bon Marché Rive Gauche 	0	0	0	travel
After being acquired in 1984 by the LVMH group , Le Bon Marché was rebranded to target the high-end luxury market.	0	0	0	travel
The department store now stocks some of the world's most exclusive luxury brands, but also tries to stay relevant by sourcing new and emerging brands and striking exclusive collaborations with designers, Culliver says.	0	0	1	travel
In-store customization services invite shoppers to personalize their sneakers and denim; cooking classes and demos are held regularly throughout the year; and artists are invited to host talks with the public.	0	0	0	travel
All strategies are aimed at attracting foot traffic, at a time when e-commerce and online retail giants like Amazon have completely altered the way consumers shop.	1	1	0	travel
Department stores in the US are floundering, but Le Bon Marché hopes to lure some of these international visitors inside its doors for a different kind of shopping experience.	1	1	0	travel
Unlike Macy's, the well-known US department store which has been closing its doors around the country, Le Bon Marché isn't fighting to stay alive.	1	0	1	travel
The competition isn't suffering either: Galeries Lafayette opened a new location on the Champs-Elysées last year, while LVMH is resurrecting heritage building La Samaritaine this spring as a mixed-use development that will give the city a new luxury department store.	0	1	1	travel
Whitaker points out that what saves heritage department stores like Le Bon Marché from becoming obsolete is one key demographic.	1	1	1	travel
Plenty of outlandish closing messages are coming from the Republican Party in these final days before the election, but this one is really ridiculous.	1	0	0	politics
The Grand Ol' Party is telling voters that they want to abolish the minimum wage.	1	0	0	politics
Larry Kudlow, Trump's top economic advisor, says that the federal minimum wage is a "terrible idea." 	1	0	0	politics
Kudlow even called it "silly," and says that it doesn't work for him.	1	0	0	politics
A terrible idea... Idaho is different than New York.	1	0	0	politics
Alabama is different than Nebraska.	0	0	0	politics
As if this man has ever worked for minimum wage himself.	0	0	0	politics
Arizona Rep. Ruben Gallego and Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders shot back and reminded voters what Republicans would love to do if they abolish the minimum wage.	1	0	0	politics
Democrats quickly pounced on Kudlow's comments Thursday, arguing that a higher minimum wage would help lift millions of workers out of poverty.	0	1	1	politics
Rep. Ruben Gallego (D-Ariz.) blasted Kudlow on Twitter, saying Republicans aimed to abolish the minimum wage to "cut taxes even further for their wealthy donors."	1	1	0	politics
Instead of calling the minimum wage "silly," how about raising it to a wage that works for Americans?	1	1	0	politics
"Donald Trump and his advisers believe in huge tax breaks for billionaires, but when it comes to raising wages for workers, they actually want to abolish the minimum wage," Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) said in a statement.	1	0	0	politics
"Too many Americans today are forced to work two or three jobs to survive.	1	0	0	politics
That's wrong.	1	0	0	politics
We must raise the federal minimum wage to a living wage, $15 an hour."	1	1	0	politics
Never forget that Republicans are fighting for their wealthy donors, and not for ordinary Americans working every day to pay the bills and put food on the table.	1	0	0	politics
The Republican Party is beholden to the 1%.	1	0	0	politics
Want to do more?	0	0	0	politics
Chip in $3 to help put Democrats back in charge of both the House and Senate!	0	1	0	politics
A strange thing happened last year in some the nation's most established hospitals and health systems.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Hundreds of millions of dollars in income suddenly disappeared.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
This article, part two of a series that began with a look at primary care disruption, examines the economic struggles of inpatient facilities, the even harsher realities in front of them, and why hospitals are likely to aggravate, not address, healthcare's rising cost issues.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
According to the Harvard Business Review, several big-name hospitals reported significant declines and, in some cases, net losses to their FY 2016 operating margins.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Among them, Partners HealthCare, New England's largest hospital network, lost $108 million; the Cleveland Clinic witnessed a 71% decline in operating income; and MD Anderson, the nation's largest cancer center, dropped $266 million.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
How did some of the biggest brands in care delivery lose this much money?	1	0	0	economy-job-market
The problem isn't declining revenue.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Since 2009, hospitals have accounted for half of the $240 billion spending increase among private U.S. insurers.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
It's not that increased competition is driving price wars, either.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
On the contrary, 1,412 hospitals have merged since 1998, primarily to increase their clout with insurers and raise prices.	0	1	0	economy-job-market
The prevalence of chronic illness continues to escalate, accounting for 75% of U.S. healthcare costs, according to the CDC.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Part Of The Problem Is Rooted In The Past	1	0	0	economy-job-market
From the late 19th century to the early 20th, hospitals were places the sick went to die.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
For practically everyone else, healthcare was delivered by house call.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
By the time Medicare rolled out in 1965, healthcare consumed just 5% of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP).	0	0	0	economy-job-market
Today, that number is 18%.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
Hospitals have contributed to the cost hike in recent decades by: (1) purchasing redundant, expensive medical equipment and generating excess demand, (2) hiring highly paid specialists to perform ever-more complex procedures with diminishing value, rather than right-sizing their work forces, and (3) tolerating massive inefficiencies in care delivery (see "the weekend effect").	1	0	0	economy-job-market
How Hospital CEOs See It	0	0	0	economy-job-market
Most hospital leaders acknowledge the need to course correct, but very few have been able to deliver care that's significantly more efficient or cost-effective than before.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Instead, hospitals in most communities have focused on reducing and eliminating competition.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
As a result, a recent study found that 90% of large U.S. cities were "highly concentrated for hospitals," allowing those that remain to increase their market power and prices.	1	1	1	economy-job-market
Historically, such consolidation (and price escalation) has enabled hospitals to offset higher expenses.	1	1	1	economy-job-market
As of late, however, this strategy is proving difficult.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Here's how some leaders explain their recent financial struggles:	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Our expenses continue to rise, while constraints by government and payers are keeping our revenues flat.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Brigham Health president Dr. Betsy Nabel offered this explanation in a letter to employees this May, adding that the hospital will “need to work differently in order to sustain our mission for the future.”	0	1	0	economy-job-market
Three factors contributed to the need for layoffs: (1) reduced reimbursements from payers, including the Massachusetts government, which limits annual growth in healthcare spending to 3.6%, a number that will drop to 3.1% next year, (2) high capital costs, both for new buildings and for the hospital's electronic health record (EHR) system, and (3) high labor expenses among its largely unionized workforce.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
"The patients are older, they're sicker ... and it's more expensive to look after them."	1	0	0	economy-job-market
That, along with higher labor and drug costs, explained the Cleveland Clinic's economic headwinds, according to outgoing CEO Dr. Toby Cosgrove.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
And though he did not specifically reference Medicare, years of flat reimbursement levels have resulted in the program paying only 90% of hospital costs for the "older," "sicker" and "more expensive" patients.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Of note, these operating losses occurred despite the Clinic's increase in year-over-year revenue.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
Operating income is on the upswing in 2017, but it remains to be seen whether the health system's new CEO can continue to make the same assurances to employees as his predecessor that, "We have no plans for workforce reduction."	0	1	0	economy-job-market
"Salaries and wages and ... and increased consulting expenses primarily related to the Epic EHR project."	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Leaders at MD Anderson, the largest of three comprehensive cancer centers in the United States, blamed these three factors for the institution's operational losses.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
In a statement, executives attributed a 77% drop in adjusted income last August to "a decrease in patient revenues as a result of the implementation of the new Epic Electronic Health Record system."	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Following a reduction of nearly 1,000 jobs (5% of its workforce) in January 2017, and the resignation of MD Anderson's president this March, a glimmer of hope emerged.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
The institution's operating margins were in the black in the first quarter of 2017, according to the Houston Chronicle.	0	0	1	economy-job-market
Making Sense Of Hospital Struggles	1	0	0	economy-job-market
The challenges confronting these hospital giants mirror the difficulties nearly all community hospitals face.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Relatively flat Medicare payments are constraining revenues.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Many once-profitable services are moving to outpatient venues, including physician-owned "surgicenters" and diagnostic facilities.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
And as one of the most unionized industries, hospitals continue to increase wages while drug companies continue raising prices – at three times the rate of healthcare inflation.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Though these factors should inspire hospital leaders to exercise caution when investing, many are spending millions in capital to expand their buildings and infrastructure with hopes of attracting more business from competitors.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
And despite a $44,000 federal nudge to install EHRs, hospitals are finding it difficult to justify the investment.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Digital records are proven to improve patient outcomes, but they also slow down doctors and nurses.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
According to the annual Deloitte "Survey of US Physicians," 7 out of 10 physicians report that EHRs reduce productivity, thereby raising costs.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Given the opportunity to start over, our nation would build fewer hospitals, eliminate the redundancy of high-priced machines, and consolidate operating volume to achieve superior quality and lower costs.	0	1	1	economy-job-market
Today, commercial payers bear the financial brunt of hospital inefficiencies and high costs but, at some point, large purchasers will say "no more."	1	0	0	economy-job-market
These insurers may soon get help from the nation's largest purchaser, the federal government.	0	1	0	economy-job-market
Last month, President Donald Trump issued an executive order with language suggesting the administration and federal agencies may seek to limit provider consolidation, lower barriers to entry and prevent "abuses of market power."	1	1	0	economy-job-market
With pressure mounting, hospital administrators find themselves wedged deeper between a rock and a hard place.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
But at the same time, their bargaining power is diminishing as health-plan consolidation continues.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
The four largest insurance companies now own 83% of the national market.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
What's more, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) announced last week a $1.6 billion cut to certain Medicare Part B drug payments along with reduced reimbursements for off-campus hospital outpatient departments in 2018.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
CMS said these moves will "provide a more level playing field for competition between hospitals and physician practices by promoting greater payment alignment."	0	1	1	economy-job-market
The American healthcare system is stuck with investments that made sense decades ago but that now result in hundreds of billions of dollars wasted each year.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Hospitals are a prime example.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
That's why we shouldn't count on hospital administrators to solve America's cost challenges.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
The final part of this series explores three potential solutions and highlights the innovative companies leading the effort.	0	1	0	economy-job-market
The Wolf family, of Watauga, had traveled to Cabela's on Dec. 5 to meet Santa after Matthew expressed an interest in him.	0	0	0	health
"He talked to Matthew for a long time.	0	0	0	health
Let him feel all over him.	0	0	0	health
Told him to pull his beard, feel his hat and talked about his red suit."	0	0	0	health
Wolf told Fox 4 News that her son's favorite book is "'Twas Night Before Christmas," but that she had never realized that he didn't really know what a "twinkle" in the eye meant.	1	0	0	health
"He asked Matthew if he wanted to feel anything and Matthew said, 'your eyes that twinkle' (from the poem 'Twas the Night Before Christmas) so Santa let him touch all over his eyes for as long as Matthew wanted."	0	0	1	health
Matthew was then brought over to Santa's reindeer display so that he could feel what the animal's fur is like.	0	0	0	health
"It was great," Wolf wrote.	0	0	1	health
"My heart was full seeing Matthew so interest."	0	0	1	health
The man who donned Santa's suit was not identified in Wolf's post, but Fox 4's Lauren Przybyl posted on Facebook that he is James Langley, who has an adult child with special needs.	0	0	0	health
"All children need is love," Langley told the news outlet.	0	0	0	health
Matthew had only asked Santa for water during his visit, which Wolf said is typical of her son.	0	0	0	health
"He's not like all the other kids that want a bunch of toys," she told the news outlet.	0	0	0	health
"He's just not into that.	0	0	0	health
He'd rather have that experience and actually find out what Santa is."	0	0	0	health
**Want FOX News Halftime Report in your inbox every day?	0	0	0	politics
Sign up here.	0	0	0	politics
PRESENTING YOUR 2020 ROSTER	0	0	0	politics
There are a lot of reasons that we love baseball.	0	0	0	politics
But one of the best things about America's pastime is that the season is long.	0	0	1	politics
We are still six weeks from the start of spring training, but it will still be true in May and, for most of the teams, all the way until the All Star break, halfway through the season.	0	0	0	politics
The Democratic nominating process for 2020 is going to be a great deal like that.	0	0	0	politics
You will find below our first list of contenders for the 2020 Democratic presidential nomination.	0	0	0	politics
There are 35 individuals who have at least expressed interest in running.	0	0	0	politics
Some have already filed papers, some have set deadlines for themselves, while others seem more likely to be just musing in the media.	0	0	0	politics
We don't care ... yet.	0	0	0	politics
For now, you just need to be a person who can credibly campaign and at least be considering a run.	0	0	0	politics
Even with those relatively permissive standards, 35 people is a huge field.	0	0	0	politics
The incumbent's current condition – fighting with his own party over foreign policy, presiding over a government shutdown and still smarting from the spanking he took in 2018 – leads Democrats to think that almost anybody would have a chance in 2020.	1	0	0	politics
We think Democrats generally are underestimating the potential for Trump's re-election.	1	0	0	politics
But there's no denying that the party's nomination is viewed as a prize of great value.	0	0	1	politics
The names you see listed below are grouped here by their offices or careers.	0	0	0	politics
But for now, job description will be enough.	0	0	0	politics
This list is very much subject to change as candidates drop in, drop out, or otherwise disqualify themselves.	0	0	0	politics
But at the beginning of this long season, here's your starting roster:	0	0	0	politics
OBAMA CABINET	0	0	0	politics
Former Vice President Joe Biden - Former Attorney General Eric Holder - Former Secretary of State John Kerry - Former Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro	0	0	0	politics
There is already enormous nostalgia among Democrats for the Obama presidency and that is only going to increase.	0	0	0	politics
While Democrats may have grumbled about Obama's lack of fire or ineffectiveness, almost all of his initial luster has been restored by the mellowing effects of memory.	1	1	1	politics
Andrew Jackson may have led the revolution that changed American politics, but it was Polk who cemented those gains in the most material ways.	0	1	1	politics
We don't know what an "Obama Democrat" really is since his rise was a singular phenomenon rather than a movement.	1	0	0	politics
GOVERNORS	0	0	0	politics
Former Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper - Washington Governor Jay Inslee - Montana Governor Steve Bullock - Former Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe - Former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley	0	0	0	politics
Conventional wisdom holds that Republicans are more likely to nominate governors than are Democrats, but there's not a lot of evidence to support the claim.	1	0	0	politics
Of the 15 Democratic presidents seven, including two of the most consequential, Franklin Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson, were former governors.	0	0	0	politics
SENATORS	0	0	0	politics
Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders - Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren - California Senator Kamala Harris - New Jersey Senator Cory Booker - Minnesota Senator Amy Klobuchar - Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown - Colorado Senator Michael Bennet - New York Senator Kirsten Gillibrand - Oregon Senator Jeff Merkley - Pennsylvania Senator Bob Casey - Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy	0	0	0	politics
You know the old Washington joke: What do all 100 members of the Senate see every morning when they look in the mirror?	0	0	0	politics
The next president of the United States.	0	0	0	politics
It's crazy to think that 11 sitting senators will all compete for the Democratic nomination, and that's because it's not going to happen.	1	0	0	politics
You sometimes get the sense with senators that they say they're interested because it would be too embarrassing to say otherwise.	1	0	0	politics
If everybody else has an exploratory committee, why not you?	0	0	0	politics
So it seems for Harris and Booker, as well.	0	0	0	politics
Harris got the better of Booker then and, we expect, will be in good position to do so again.	0	1	1	politics
She is particularly helped by the emergence of her home state as an early primary.	0	1	1	politics
California Democrats will go to the polls on March 3rd as opposed to June, their traditional primary month.	0	0	0	politics
That puts the largest trove of Democratic delegates up for grabs four weeks after the Iowa Caucuses.	0	0	0	politics
If you can't play in California this time around, you can't play at all.	1	0	0	politics
REPRESENTATIVES	0	0	0	politics
Texas Representative Beto O'Rourke - Ohio Representative Tim Ryan - Former Maryland Representative John Delaney - California Representative Eric Swalwell - Hawaii Representative Tulsi Gabbard	0	0	0	politics
It's safe to say that House members don't have a great track record in presidential campaigns.	1	0	0	politics
But it's certainly not the typical path.	1	0	0	politics
Given the decreasing emphasis on candidate qualifications and the increasing ability for campaigns to speak directly to voters on a national scale, however, this could be the cycle.	0	1	0	politics
As for the others, they better find a way to get famous pretty quick.	1	0	0	politics
That conundrum will confront Democratic kingmakers again and again as they try to whittle down this massive field.	1	0	0	politics
If Trump, who had no experience in public service, can win why not someone with a lengthy background even if it's not on a national level?	1	0	0	politics
Bloomberg seems to be the only one who can make an argument for top-tier status thanks to his famous name, ability to fund his own campaign and track record as an advocate for gun control.	0	0	1	politics
Steyer's longstanding efforts on climate change help, too.	1	1	0	politics
COULD BE	0	0	0	politics
Former first lady Michelle Obama - Former New York Senator Hillary Clinton - Media mogul Oprah Winfrey - Actor Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson	0	0	0	politics
We know, we know... They've said they're not running or at least tried to pour cold water on such speculation.	0	0	0	politics
Every candidate likes to imagine that they could skip the coming 12-month endurance challenge, but only name brands could really do that.	1	0	0	politics
Chris Stirewalt is the politics editor for Fox News.	0	0	0	politics
Brianna McClelland contributed to this report.	0	0	0	politics
Want FOX News Halftime Report in your inbox every day?	0	0	0	politics
LAPEER, MI – Heavy smoke and flames left behind damage at Brian's Family Restaurant in Lapeer.	1	0	0	accidents-disasters
City of Lapeer and Elba Township firefighters responded at 5:01 a.m. Sunday, Jan. 27 to the restaurant, 281 S. Main St., for a possible building fire.	1	0	0	accidents-disasters
Lapeer police reported smoke coming from the roof of the restaurant.	1	0	0	accidents-disasters
Lapeer Division Fire Chief Tom Wittke also found heavy smoke conditions coming from the roof and around the doors upon his arrival.	1	0	0	accidents-disasters
The entire building sustained significant smoke damage.	1	0	0	accidents-disasters
Lapeer police assisted with traffic control and the city's Department of Public Works assisted with salting streets in the area of the fire.	1	1	0	accidents-disasters
The cause of the fire is undetermined.	1	0	0	accidents-disasters
The Lapeer fire marshal and insurance investigators are jointly conducting the investigation.	0	0	0	accidents-disasters
The Russian Orthodox church celebrated Christmas on Jan. 7, but President Vladimir Putin received his present from America a few days late.	1	0	0	politics
The destruction or weakening of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) has been the goal of Soviet and Russian leaders since the organization's creation following World War II.	1	0	0	politics
So what is Trump's argument in favor of this bold move?	0	0	0	politics
And what might be the military and geopolitical impacts of such an abrupt departure by the United States?	1	0	0	politics
According to The New York Times, Trump's argument appears to have at least two main components.	0	0	0	politics
First, he has argued that America's European allies do not pay their fair share.	1	0	0	politics
And second, he seems to believe NATO as an institution has become outdated.	1	0	0	politics
This latter perspective is arguably the more concerning one, as it suggests a large hole in Trump's knowledge of global national security.	1	0	0	politics
First, let's tackle Trump's budgetary concerns.	1	0	0	politics
Prior to the July NATO summit, he claimed that the United States pays "70 to 90 percent of NATO."	0	0	0	politics
While these figures have an element of truth, they require greater context.	0	0	0	politics
The U.S. currently spends roughly $700 billion on its defense (4 percent of GDP), and the combined spending of the other 28 NATO members is about $300 billion.	0	0	0	politics
But these numbers represent respective national defense budgets.	0	0	0	politics
The NATO budget that all members contribute to proportionally based on their gross domestic product is $2.5 billion annually, and the U.S. (which has the largest GDP) pays $550 million, or 22 percent.	0	0	0	politics
Therefore, Trump's criticism is not that countries fail to meet their stated annual requirements to the alliance but that they neglect to spend enough on their own national defense, respectively.	1	0	0	politics
More top admin officials sound alarm on Trump's pro-Russia foreign policy	1	0	0	politics
Jan.	0	0	0	politics
Member states have long argued over defense spending, or "burden sharing."	1	0	0	politics
Indeed, many American presidents have criticized alliance members for not spending sufficiently.	1	0	0	politics
In 2011, former Secretary of Defense Bob Gates warned NATO European members that there will be "a dwindling appetite and patience in the U.S. Congress, and in the American body politic writ large, to expend increasingly precious funds on behalf of nations that are apparently unwilling to devote the necessary resources ... to be serious and capable partners in their own defense."	1	0	0	politics
Such criticism was also routinely leveled publicly and privately by President Barack Obama.	1	0	0	politics
In 2014, the alliance agreed on a target of each country spending 2 percent of its annual GDP on defense by 2024.	0	1	0	politics
By 2016, only five countries had reached this goal, and Trump's public scolding appears to have had some positive effect.	1	1	1	politics
In 2018, NATO Secretary General Stoltenberg reported that eight countries reached 2 percent and a total of 15 would do so by 2019.	0	1	1	politics
But Trump is wrong to paint this simply as a numbers game.	1	0	0	politics
America would lose access to military bases throughout Europe as well as NATO facilities, ports, airfields, etc. that are vital to ongoing operations in the Middle East.	1	0	0	politics
Furthermore, U.S. taxpayers would either need to face the burden of spending for new facilities for forces returning from Europe or allow them to be disbanded.	1	0	0	politics
The president's broader argument is that NATO is obsolete and has outlived its usefulness to the United States.	1	0	0	politics
NATO was the instrument that ended the possibility of a future Franco-German conflict and confronted a growing Soviet threat.	1	1	1	politics
Current and future threats also suggest that the alliance remains in America's best interest.	1	1	0	politics
Trump's own national security strategy argues that "a strong and free Europe is of vital importance to the U.S." and that America remains "firmly committed to its European allies and partners."	0	0	0	politics
It further describes future threats from China, terrorism, cyber, as well as a Russian state that has interfered in democratic processes in Europe as well as annexing territory by force in Crimea and Georgia.	1	0	0	politics
NATO pullout a 'massive mistake,' says GOP congressman	1	0	0	politics
Jan. 15, 2019 / 05:29	0	0	0	politics
The president's argument alleging NATO obsolescence ignores the thousands of allied troops deployed around the world at this very moment.	1	0	0	politics
Currently, 8,000 NATO soldiers are deployed to Afghanistan alongside roughly 14,000 Americans.	0	0	0	politics
On Sept. 12, 2001, NATO members invoked the Article V collective security guarantee of the alliance treaty and have been in that country ever since.	0	0	0	politics
Over 1,000 NATO soldiers have been killed.	1	0	0	politics
In addition, all NATO countries are members of the coalition confronting ISIS, with French and British commandos conducting operations in Syria as part of this effort.	1	1	0	politics
Still, Trump is right that NATO must increase its efforts to confront an uncertain world.	1	0	1	politics
The American president should be the alliance leader, not its loudest critic.	1	0	0	politics
After all, we know firsthand the dangers of Russian disinformation, propaganda and hybrid warfare.	1	0	0	politics
Trump has said that "NATO is worse than NAFTA" at the G7 Summit in Canada.	1	0	0	politics
This is perhaps the most worrisome revelation so far.	1	0	0	politics
Not only does this fly in the face of global reality, it occurs absent any suggested alternative strategy.	1	0	0	politics
British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once observed that there ''is only one thing worse than fighting with allies, and that is fighting without them!''	1	0	0	politics
This remains a widely bipartisan sentiment.	0	0	0	politics
Most Republicans and Democrats endorse the value of American allies described eloquently in former Secretary of Defense James Mattis' resignation letter.	0	0	1	politics
The full effect of the monthlong partial government shutdown is still rippling across the United States.	1	0	0	welfare
In states like Pennsylvania, local officials remain in crisis mode as their neediest residents scramble to keep food on the shelves.	1	0	0	welfare
In January, the $182 he counts on every month was loaded twice on his government-issued Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program debit card.	0	0	0	welfare
"I thought, 'Oh, wow, that's like a bonus,' " said Davenport, who lives in Montgomery County, Pa.	0	0	1	welfare
"Although it's not."	0	0	0	welfare
"Which was really important," said Dottie Rosenbaum, who studies food stamps at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities.	0	0	0	welfare
"Because in the event that the shutdown continued, it protected SNAP, and it ensured that individuals would receive SNAP benefits for the month of February, which otherwise would not have been ensured."	1	1	0	welfare
But here's the rub: The federal government reopened a week after the double payment.	1	1	0	welfare
And now, the 42 million Americans on food stamps have to wait until March before their next round of benefits.	1	0	0	welfare
The U.S. Department of Agriculture runs SNAP, but states are in charge of distributing benefits.	0	0	0	welfare
The majority of those who receive SNAP are children, the elderly or people who struggle with a disability.	0	0	0	welfare
Government statistics show that the average benefit for individuals is $125 a month.	0	0	0	welfare
He already used most of February's payment stocking his pantry.	0	0	0	welfare
"Cereals, oatmeals, soups, because it's winter.	0	0	0	welfare
Like, canned spaghetti, canned ravioli, canned lasagna, stuff that I can freeze," he said.	0	0	0	welfare
The disruption to benefits has Secretary Teresa Miller of Pennsylvania's Department of Human Services on edge.	1	0	0	welfare
Encouraging food bank contributions	0	0	0	welfare
Miller is urging Pennsylvania residents to donate this month to their local food banks since they're expecting a surge in demand.	1	1	0	welfare
She blames the logistical nightmare on the federal government.	1	0	0	welfare
About 90 percent of those on SNAP nationwide will go more than 40 days between food payments, according to Rosenbaum.	1	0	0	welfare
"So that will put a strain at the end of February and the beginning of March for many households across the country," she said.	1	0	0	welfare
At a food pantry in Lansdale, Pa., Christi Schatz lined up for donated food this week.	0	0	0	welfare
She usually uses a mix of SNAP and disability benefits to buy groceries.	0	0	0	welfare
But she has depleted both.	1	0	0	welfare
She was counting on getting a payment this month.	0	0	0	welfare
She thought, like many others, that the double payment was a glitch.	1	0	0	welfare
"Right now, because I don't have my food stamps, I had to either come up to the pantry to get food or my mom helped me with getting groceries," said Schatz, 40, who does not work due to a medical condition.	1	0	0	welfare
"I hope they're hearing from people that have been impacted and are still being impacted and can come to a solution that doesn't further hurt people that are caught in the middle," said Miller.	1	1	0	welfare
Another shutdown?	1	0	0	welfare
Miller is filled with dread thinking about Feb. 15, which is when the short-term budget deal will expire.	1	0	0	welfare
If Democratic leaders and President Trump remain at odds over funding a border wall, the federal government may shut down again.	1	0	0	welfare
Federal officials have told states that they can release March benefits early.	0	1	0	welfare
But in Pennsylvania, Miller worries that this would only trigger the same problem with food stamps all over again.	1	0	0	welfare
"It's incredibly frustrating," Miller said.	1	0	0	welfare
"If another shutdown occurs, this situation is only going to get worse for the people caught in the middle."	1	0	0	welfare
This story comes from Keystone Crossroads, a statewide public media initiative reporting on cities across Pennsylvania.	0	0	0	welfare
Should we journalists use the word "lie" to describe President Trump's most manifest falsehoods?	1	0	0	politics
That debate has roiled the news world.	1	0	0	politics
The Times this week used the word "lie" in a front-page headline, and I agreed with that decision, but there's a counterargument that lying requires an intention to deceive – and that Trump may actually believe his absurd falsehoods.	1	0	0	politics
So in 2017 we reach a mortifying moment for a great democracy: We must decide whether our 45th president is a liar or a crackpot.	1	0	0	politics
Yet the costliest presidential falsehoods and delusions are not the ones that people are talking about, such as those concerning the inauguration crowd or electoral fraud.	1	0	0	politics
The most horrific chicanery involves Trump's new actions on women's health that will cause deaths around the globe.	1	0	0	politics
It followed the weekend's stunning women's marches: At least 3.2 million people apparently participated in all 50 states, amounting to 1 percent of the U.S. population.	0	0	1	politics
In a slap at all who marched, Trump this week signed an order that will cut off access to contraception to vast numbers of women, particularly in Africa.	1	0	0	politics
It will also curb access to cancer screenings and maybe even undermine vaccination campaigns and efforts against H.I.V. and the Zika virus.	1	0	0	politics
The upshot: Thousands of impoverished, vulnerable women will die.	1	0	0	politics
Americans have focused on the executive actions about building a wall, or expediting oil pipelines, but nothing is more devastating than the edict on women's health (signed in front of a group composed almost entirely of smiling men in suits).	1	0	0	politics
In fairness, Trump probably thought he was doing a good thing; that's a measure of his delusion.	1	0	0	politics
(Federal funds already don't go for abortions.)	0	0	0	politics
How can that be?	0	0	0	politics
Many groups, like Marie Stopes International and Planned Parenthood International, lose funding in poor countries from this policy.	1	0	0	politics
In 2001, when President George W. Bush imposed a more limited version, 16 developing countries lost shipments of contraceptives from the U.S.	1	0	0	politics
Stanford University researchers found that the Bush version of the policy reduced contraceptive use in Africa – and increased abortion rates.	1	0	0	politics
This all sounds wonkish and antiseptic, but in poor countries, the most dangerous thing a woman can do is become pregnant.	1	0	0	politics
I've seen too many women dying or suffering in filth on stained cots in remote villages because of childbirth.	1	0	0	politics
I wish Trump could see them: a mother of three in Cameroon dying after her birth attendant sat on her stomach to hasten delivery; a woman in Niger collapsing from a common complication called eclampsia; a 15-year-old girl in Chad whose family dealt with her labor complications by taking her to a healer who diagnosed sorcery and burned her arm as she lay in a coma.	1	0	0	politics
With this new order, Trump will inadvertently cause more of these horrific scenes.	1	0	0	politics
Maybe "war on women" sounds hyperbolic, but not if gasping, dying women are seared in your memory.	1	0	0	politics
(The White House didn't respond to my inquiries.)	1	0	0	politics
Marie Stopes alone estimated that if it cannot find replacement funding, the new policy will result in 6.5 million unintentional pregnancies, 2.2 million abortions and 21,700 women dying in pregnancy or childbirth.	1	0	0	politics
The victims invariably are among the most voiceless, powerless people in the world.	1	0	0	politics
When Bush imposed his version of the policy, it meant that no contraceptives reached a village in northern Ghana.	1	0	0	politics
She tried to abort the pregnancy herself using herbs, but something went wrong and she suffered terrible abdominal pains.	1	0	0	politics
Her two children now have no mom.	1	0	0	politics
President Trump, you may think you are "pro-life" and preventing abortions, but that's a lie or a delusion.	1	0	0	politics
In fact, you are increasing the number of abortions and of dying women.	1	0	0	politics
And to those women and men who marched last weekend, remember that this isn't about symbols, speeches or pussy hats.	0	0	0	politics
It's about the lives of women and girls.	0	0	0	politics
In his first weeks in office, President Trump has outlined plans to reorganize the White House's National Security Council.	0	1	0	politics
This is in keeping with tradition: New presidents regularly reconfigure the council to fit their management style and national security priorities.	0	0	0	politics
But some of Mr. Trump's other plans are unsettling and should be remedied as soon as possible – in particular the role he has given to his top political adviser, Stephen K. Bannon.	1	0	0	politics
President George W. Bush's council, on which I served from 2007 through 2009 as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff, was arranged similarly to Mr. Trump's.	0	0	0	politics
But it bears noting that under President Obama, both the director of national intelligence and I were permanent members of the principals committee, codifying the importance of these positions.	0	0	0	politics
In my experience there are very few – if any – meetings of the principals committee at which the input of the military and the intelligence community is not vital.	0	0	0	politics
With an increasingly belligerent Russia, tensions in the South China Sea and a smoldering Middle East, it makes little sense to minimize the participation of the professionals leading and representing these two groups.	1	0	0	politics
The Trump White House insists that the new organizational structure does not downgrade the roles of the chairman of the Joint Chiefs or the director of national intelligence.	0	1	0	politics
(The White House and Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., the current chairman of the Joint Chiefs, have both said that General Dunford will fully participate in the council's duties.)	0	0	0	politics
Putting aside for a moment Mr. Bannon's troubling public positions, which are worrisome enough, institutionalizing his attendance threatens to politicize national security decision making.	1	0	0	politics
The security council was formed in 1947 to serve a unique role in our government.	0	0	0	politics
Those discussions can get heated at times.	1	0	0	politics
They can certainly get territorial.	1	0	0	politics
As has been widely reported, Mr. Bush barred Karl Rove, his chief political adviser, from council meetings.	1	0	0	politics
And while I remember David Axelrod, Mr. Obama's political adviser, attending meetings early in that administration, he did not vote or otherwise engage in the discussion.	0	0	0	politics
Having Mr. Bannon as a voting member of the principals committee will have a negative influence on what is supposed to be candid, nonpartisan deliberation.	1	0	0	politics
I fear that it will have a chilling effect on deliberations and, potentially, diminish the authority and the prerogatives to which Senate-confirmed cabinet officials are entitled.	1	0	0	politics
They, unlike Mr. Bannon, are accountable for the advice they give and the policies they execute.	0	0	0	politics
Consistent though Mr. Bannon's presence may be with the predilections of our new president, it results in a blurring of presidential responsibilities – Republican Party leader and commander in chief – that is unhealthy for the republic.	1	0	0	politics
I'm perfectly aware that political concerns color the national security decisions that any president makes.	1	0	0	politics
The invasion of Iraq, the surge in Afghanistan, air operations over Libya, sanctions on Russia and, of course, the decision not to strike Syria after President Bashar al-Assad crossed Mr. Obama's "red line" on chemical weapons were all informed – if not dominated – by political calculations.	1	0	0	politics
But those decisions were made outside the confines of the Situation Room, where the security council meets.	0	0	0	politics
I cannot remember a single instance during my four-year stint as chairman of the Joint Chiefs where it was otherwise.	0	0	0	politics
Every president has the right and the responsibility to shape the security council as he sees fit.	0	0	0	politics
But partisan politics has no place at that table.	1	0	0	politics
And neither does Mr. Bannon.	0	0	0	politics
Matthias Schrader/Associated Press	0	0	0	sports
LONDON – The moment and the crowd of 55,900 at London Stadium were his, and Usain Bolt was inches from a clean getaway.	0	0	1	sports
But on Saturday night, there would be no pitch-perfect ending to what Bolt insisted was the final individual race of his unparalleled career.	1	0	0	sports
Gatlin has served two doping suspensions in his career, and the spectators booed him before the final, just as they had in the early rounds.	1	0	0	sports
Gatlin screamed with delight and put an index finger to his lips as if to silence the crowd when the results of this very close race appeared on the scoreboard.	0	0	1	sports
Coleman, in his first world championships, took the silver in 9.94 seconds.	0	0	1	sports
It was also a big stride or two removed from his world-record 9.58, set in Berlin in 2009.	1	0	0	sports
"I'm just sorry I couldn't end it on a winning note," said Bolt, who will turn 31 this month.	1	0	0	sports
It seemed hardly fitting, but then neither life nor track meets follow a script.	1	0	0	sports
In 2017, and above all on Saturday night, he simply did not deliver the required valedictory speed.	1	0	0	sports
He has a great talent and great future ahead of him.	0	0	1	sports
So no regrets.	0	0	0	sports
It's time to go."	0	0	0	sports
Coleman, who won N.C.A.A. championships in the 100 and 200 this year for the University of Tennessee before turning professional, managed a first early in the day.	0	0	1	sports
He defeated Bolt in a close semifinal heat, ending Bolt's 28-race winning streak in the 100 meters.	1	0	1	sports
But Bolt played it cool, looking theatrically at Coleman before they crossed the finish line, as if to say he would still have more – much more – to give when it mattered most.	0	0	0	sports
Coleman had company: Bolt's reaction time was the second slowest of the eight finalists.	1	0	0	sports
He has often made victory look so easy, even preordained, crossing finish lines at less than full speed with his arms spread wide and a grin on his face.	0	0	1	sports
But there was no margin for grandstanding in this final.	1	0	0	sports
As Bolt stretched for the finish line, he was grimacing, his mouth and eyes wide with effort.	1	0	0	sports
And as he started to decelerate, his face was full of concern as he looked at the scoreboard for the results.	1	0	0	sports
"After the semifinal with Coleman, I knew if I don't get my start, I'm going to be in trouble," Bolt said.	1	0	0	sports
Gatlin drew boos as he walked through the tunnel, and again as he was introduced at the starting line.	1	0	0	sports
But this turned out to be Gatlin's moment, too.	0	0	1	sports
There has been occasional tension between them, but on Saturday, both resisted the suggestion that the victory by Gatlin, who also served a one-year ban starting in 2001, had been a major blow to their sport.	1	1	0	sports
"Throughout all my rounds, I kind of just zoned in on my lane," he said.	0	0	0	sports
"It's kind of sad my boos were a little louder than other people's cheers, but I wanted to keep it classy.	1	0	0	sports
That's what it is.	0	0	0	sports
This night is still a magical night for track and field and for Usain Bolt.	0	0	1	sports
He's done so much."	0	0	0	sports
By the force of his talent and personality, Bolt has long been the sport's seminal figure.	0	0	1	sports
Though his rare defeat at London Stadium was deflating, his career has been an against-the-odds joy ride at a time when track and field has been buffeted by doping and credibility crises.	1	1	1	sports
Though many of his rivals and some of his Jamaican compatriots have been suspended for violations, Bolt has never been sanctioned or been declared to have tested positive for a banned substance.	1	0	1	sports
He remains one of three men to have won three world 100-meter titles – the Americans Carl Lewis and Maurice Greene are the others.	0	0	1	sports
He has been as good at communicating with the big crowds who have paid to see him (and often only him) as he has been adept at shutting down all opposition on the grandest occasions.	0	0	1	sports
Since 2008, when he became a global star at the Beijing Olympics, he has lost only two individual finals at major championships.	1	1	1	sports
The first came in 2011, when he beat himself with a false start in the final of the 100 meters at the world championships in Daegu, South Korea.	1	0	0	sports
The second came on Saturday night – in the same stadium where he won three gold medals at the 2012 Olympics.	0	0	1	sports
Bolt has won as an overwhelming favorite, as he did at the world championships in Berlin in 2009, where he set world records in the 100 and the 200 that still stand.	0	0	1	sports
He also has won – repeatedly – despite less-than-ideal preparation and legitimate concerns about his form.	1	1	1	sports
He was vulnerable, no doubt, but in the past, with the spotlight at its brightest, he still found the speed and the will to remain the fastest man in the world.	1	1	1	sports
This time, he faltered, and even as he was left behind, he was also leaving a void.	1	0	0	sports
For Bolt's sport, filling his golden spikes will be a monumental challenge.	1	0	0	sports
NASA/JPL-Caltech	0	0	0	science-technology
Europa is an ice-encrusted moon of Jupiter with a global ocean flowing underneath its surface.	0	0	0	science-technology
NASA is planning a mission soon that will look for signs of possible life there.	0	1	0	science-technology
Now, a new finding from old data makes that mission even more tantalizing.	0	1	1	science-technology
In recent years, the Hubble Space Telescope has spotted what looks like plumes, likely of water vapor, reaching more than 100 miles above the surface.	0	0	0	science-technology
The plumes, if they exist, could contain molecules that hint at whether Europa possesses the building blocks of life.	0	0	0	science-technology
And that occurred close to one of four regions where Hubble has observed plumes.	0	0	0	science-technology
"That's too many coincidences just to dismiss as 'There's nothing there' or 'We don't understand the data,'" said Robert T. Pappalardo, the project scientist for NASA's upcoming Europa Clipper mission, which may launch as soon as 2022. 	1	0	0	science-technology
"It sure seems like there's some phenomenon, and plumes seem consistent."	0	0	0	science-technology
[Sign up for reminders on your calendar when missions launch into space.]	0	0	0	science-technology
Galileo, which launched in 1989, arrived at Jupiter in 1995 and spent almost eight years examining the planet and its moons until its mission ended with a swan dive into Jupiter in 2003.	0	0	0	science-technology
During a flyby of Europa on Dec. 16, 1997, instruments on Galileo measured a swing in the magnetic field and a jump in the density of electrons.	0	0	0	science-technology
At the time, scientists noted the unusual readings, but they did not have an explanation.	1	0	0	science-technology
Then, in 2005, another spacecraft passing by another moon around another planet made a startling observation.	1	0	0	science-technology
NASA's Cassini spacecraft – which completed its mission last September – found geysers of ice crystals erupting out of Enceladus, a small moon of Saturn.	0	0	0	science-technology
Enceladus, it turns out, also has an ocean of liquid water under its ice.	0	0	0	science-technology
[See 100 images from Cassini's mission to Saturn.]	0	0	0	science-technology
That spurred renewed curiosity about Europa and whether it too might burp bits of its ocean into space.	0	1	0	science-technology
The Hubble first recorded signs of possible plumes in 2012, then again in 2014 and 2016.	0	0	0	science-technology
But at other times, Hubble has looked and seen nothing.	1	0	0	science-technology
That suggests the plumes are sporadic.	1	0	0	science-technology
Last year, Melissa A. McGrath, a senior scientist at the SETI Institute in Mountain View, Calif. who was not involved in the new study, took a look at some radio experiments conducted by Galileo which examined how signals bent as Europa passed between Earth and the spacecraft.	0	0	0	science-technology
The experiments showed Europa possesses an atmosphere.	0	0	0	science-technology
Some of the flybys indicated a higher density of particles near the surface – possible plumes.	0	0	0	science-technology
Before heading to a meeting of scientists working on the Clipper mission, a thought occurred to Dr. McGrath: "Gee, I really should check to see if any of them line up with any of the claimed plume detections," from Hubble.	0	0	0	science-technology
One of them indeed did.	0	0	0	science-technology
Margaret G. Kivelson, an emeritus professor of space physics at U.C.L.A. who was the principal investigator for Galileo's magnetometer, was at Dr. McGrath's talk.	0	0	0	science-technology
She remembered the odd magnetic readings from 1997.	1	0	0	science-technology
For years, she had been thinking of taking another look at the data for signs of plumes, but, "there are always other things to do," she said.	1	0	0	science-technology
Then she did.	0	0	0	science-technology
"With the Hubble data in hand," Dr. Kivelson said, "we had an idea of how big a plume might be reasonable.	0	0	0	science-technology
Next, they turned to William S. Kurth, an astronomer at the University of Iowa who contributed to Galileo's plasma wave experiment, which listened to the radio waves generated as charged particles bobbed back and forth along magnetic fields around Jupiter and its moons.	0	0	0	science-technology
That instrument also noticed a burst of radio waves during the flyby – and it occurred right in the middle of the magnetic anomaly.	0	0	0	science-technology
The location was close, though not exactly the same, as the site Dr. McGrath reported.	0	0	0	science-technology
But Dr. McGrath said the new paper was convincing.	0	1	1	science-technology
"They did a really good job of the modeling and made a strong case," she said.	0	0	1	science-technology
He has also been pushing for a follow-up mission that would land on Europa and drill into the ice.	0	1	0	science-technology
At a subcommittee meeting last week, Mr. Culberson handed out the article, which was not yet available for public discussion, to his colleagues.	0	0	0	science-technology
"It's worth noting that the scientific journal Nature Astronomy just reported that the Galileo mission, back in 1997, flew through a water plume on Europa," he said.	0	0	0	science-technology
"So, the ocean of Europa is venting directly into outer space."	0	0	0	science-technology
The scientists were amused as they were not allowed to talk publicly about their findings yet.	0	0	0	science-technology
"That was really funny, because we've been so careful," Dr. Kivelson said.	0	0	0	science-technology
"And all of sudden, Representative Culberson is throwing around the paper on the table.	0	0	0	science-technology
Very funny."	0	0	0	science-technology
Astronomers will certainly be taking more looks at Europa with the Hubble, trying to better understand how often the plumes erupt.	0	1	0	science-technology
Dr. Pappalardo said it might be possible to adjust the trajectory of Europa Clipper so that at least one of the more than 40 planned flybys pass over a potential plume site.	0	1	0	science-technology
But that would have to be weighed against other science goals and how much fuel would be needed to nudge the spacecraft's trajectory.	0	0	0	science-technology
It could also launch as soon as 2022.	0	0	0	science-technology
"It's obvious he wants to make a lot of money."	0	0	0	politics
"You promise a favor for a favor," the transcript of a conversation obtained by FBI surveillance between the two Russian agents reads.	0	0	0	politics
According to the former intelligence official, a successful recruitment of an intelligence source hinges on the final step of the process involving the spy's decision to co-opt the target by finally making the pitch for him or her to share sensitive information.	0	1	0	politics
Amid all of the accusations and speculation pouring out of the investigations of Russian meddling in the 2016 US election, the notion that foreign spies are using old-school tactics and personally recruiting agents to divulge sensitive information is actually widely accepted among intelligence officials.	1	1	0	politics
But that certainly does not mean the art of espionage has gone out of style in the world of international intelligence gathering, particularly between the United States and its former Cold War foe.	1	0	0	politics
But the playbook on how to target, recruit and manipulate sources has generally stayed the same.	0	0	0	politics
But what the FBI documents outline is the strategy behind how Russian agents marked him as a target.	1	0	0	politics
He flies to Moscow more than I do," the two Russian agents said about Page, according to the FBI documents citing phone surveillance.	1	0	0	politics
He has repeatedly denied any allegations of wrongdoing and said he wasn't aware he had been approached by Russian spies.	1	0	0	politics
In the 2015 case involving Page, the FBI said that his interactions with the individuals under investigation did not progress to the point where the bureau felt he had successfully been recruited as a spy or intelligence source.	1	0	0	politics
In the 2015 case, the court filings outline a discussion about a Russian spy setting up a face-to-face meetings on occasion with Page and highlight his frequent travels to Moscow for business as an area of interest.	1	0	0	politics
In the real world, it is highly unlikely that your neighbor, coworker or mailman is actually a clandestine Russian operative working under a false identity.	1	0	0	politics
In the world of espionage, spies will look to identify any vulnerabilities that they can use to apply pressure or entice an individual into doing what they ask -- such as threatening to expose a secret or offering them payment.	1	1	0	politics
The discussion then shifted to methods of enticing Page into sharing information with them, according to the documents.	0	0	0	politics
The FBI has never accused Page, who would later become a Trump campaign adviser, of having been successfully turned as a spy.	1	0	0	politics
The first step of the process involves determining whether an individual qualifies as a likely target based on his or her personality, occupation or connections and then initiating a relationship, according to the former counterintelligence official.	1	0	0	politics
The techniques used in the attempt to recruit Page are similar to those employed by Cold War-era KGB operatives, a former counterintelligence official told CNN.	1	0	0	politics
The third individual was arrested by US officials and sent back to Moscow earlier this month after pleading guilty to his crimes in 2015.	1	1	0	politics
The three defendants in the case were charged with participating in a conspiracy to act as a foreign agent in the US without informing the Attorney General.	1	1	0	politics
There is no doubt that the rise of information warfare and cyberespionage has changed the spy game in the years since the Cold War.	1	1	0	politics
Two of the men left the country before the court proceedings and both had diplomatic immunity because of their jobs for the Russian government.	1	0	0	politics
Ultimately, the Russian agents determined that the combination of Page's professional ambition, connections to Russia and general enthusiasm for communicating indicated he was a suitable target to pursue as an intelligence source, according to the FBI's assessment in the filings.	1	0	0	politics
While the government has never revealed his identity, Carter Page has acknowledged to CNN that he is the individual the documents refer to as a target of recruitment by three Russian intelligence agents, news first reported by BuzzFeed on April 3.	1	0	0	politics
While the sharing of publicly accessible documents is legal, the willingness of a target to share signals a willingness to cooperate and an openness to proceeding with the relationship, the former official told CNN.	0	1	0	politics
Anyone who starts experiencing symptoms, including severe bleeding or bruising, should be taken to the hospital immediately, the IDPH said.	1	1	0	health
Health officials urge those who have purchased synthetic cannabinoid products within the past month -- whether it was from a convenience store or a dealer -- to not use the product.	1	1	0	health
IDPH spokeswoman Melaney Arnold told the Chicago newspaper that the product is banned for sale across the state, but some manufacturers alter the "molecular makeup of the products" to “get around" the law.	1	0	0	health
It is difficult to know what's in them or what your reaction to them will be."	1	0	0	health
There are now cases in at least 12 Illinois communities including Chicago, Cook County, Dupage County, Fulton County, Kane County, Kankakee County, Mason County, McLean County, Peoria County, Tazewell County, Will County and Woodford county.	0	0	0	health
As I discovered, in Independence today, Truman is never far out of reach.	0	0	0	travel
He would serve whiskey to people who would come in through the back door to sneak a drink behind the counter.	0	0	0	travel
In those days, Truman was a regular presence, walking briskly through town, his Secret Service detail struggling to keep up.	1	0	0	travel
It's important to keep our eyes out, and not recede into the history books."	0	1	0	travel
It's where he went to school and, at age six, met the girl who would become his wife: Bess.	0	0	1	travel
The city, he says, is ripe for development.	0	0	1	travel
With 117,000 people, it's the fifth largest city in the state, and Walker says they've got their eyes on #3.	0	0	0	travel
I can't for the life of me think of any other recent documentary in which I have laughed pretty much all the way through.	0	0	0	arts-culture
She imitates this young man's wheedling questions: "What's our name?" 	0	0	0	arts-culture
"(Irritated) Judi."	0	0	0	arts-culture
And have we got a carer? Fuck off!	0	0	0	arts-culture
Smith says he would hit her on stage every night when she was Desdemona to his enraged and paranoid Othello: It was the only time I saw stars at the National Theatre."	1	0	0	arts-culture
I would have loved to hear a discussion on a wider range of issues, particularly #TimesUp, but with a film this much fun, it seems churlish to ask for anything else.	0	0	1	arts-culture
Why is it when female stars of this calibre appear in a fiction feature together it's always a horribly twee ordeal - when this shows they can be brutally funny?	1	0	0	arts-culture
"We're going to have to do things that we never did before," he told Yahoo News.	0	1	0	politics
And certain things will be done that we never thought would happen in this country in terms of information and learning about the enemy.	1	1	0	politics
As the White House's current resident prepared to impose sanctions on Russia for hacking, Trump said: "I think that computers have complicated lives very greatly."	1	1	0	politics
He is blase about warrantless surveillance - he has said it "would be fine" to restore the NSA's bulk data collection programs, a position his pick for CIA director, Mike Pompeo, also endorses, as does Trump's attorney general nominee, Jeff Sessions.	1	1	0	politics
How should the government treat open-source encryption?	1	0	0	politics
Trump has been general, albeit chilling, on the topic of what exactly his administration will do: as an extension of Trump's ideology, information gathering will serve to do the unthinkable - his own word.	1	1	0	politics
Let's be clear, this is not a speech of concession.	0	0	0	politics
Abrams, who would have become America's first African American female governor, led a grassroots, unabashedly progressive campaign and trailed Kemp by a razor-thin margin of less than 60,000 votes out of almost 4m ballots cast.	0	1	0	politics
Because we know that some will propose to make voting even harder.	1	0	0	politics
Shortly after, Kemp issued a statement declaring the election was now over.	0	0	0	politics
His office also oversaw the purging of over 1.3m names from the electoral rolls.	1	0	0	politics
The Democrat Stacey Abrams has acknowledged that the Republican Brian Kemp will be declared the next governor of Georgia, bringing to a close the hard-fought and bitterly contested election.	1	1	0	politics
"I want to apologize to the court for the confusion that the government has caused with respect to this sentencing and the difficulties surrounding that," Crabb said.	1	1	0	politics
"The Department of Justice and United States Attorney's Office is committed to enforcing the law without fear, favor or political influence.	0	0	1	politics
But the following day, the Justice Department, in a memo Crabb signed, asked for more leniency and a lesser sentence for Stone.	0	1	0	politics
Crabb during the hearing revealed point by point how the Justice Department still stood with the ex-Stone prosecutors -- and largely not the revised recommendation for Stone.	1	1	0	politics
Jackson had done her own calculation for the court record, agreeing on all but one argument for a harsher sentence.	0	1	0	politics
Jackson needed to sort out the two divergent sentencing memos.	1	0	0	politics
Judge in Roger Stone case rebukes Trump-backed conspiracies in impassioned stand for 'truth' and the rule of law Jackson noted leniency isn't the department's typical policy toward defendants.	1	1	0	politics
On Thursday, Crabb said the threats should receive the harsher possible sentences, effectively disavowing Barr's approach.	1	1	0	politics
Read More	0	0	0	health
The reversal was one of the more shocking moments of the intense, at times startling, hearing.	1	0	0	politics
That shift toward sympathy for Stone, hours after President Donald Trump criticized the prosecutors and supported Stone, had prompted all four of Crabb's colleagues at the DC US Attorney's Office to withdraw from the case and one to quit his job.	1	1	0	politics
The move, in theory, could rebut any arguments other criminal defendants will try to make in the future, claiming behavior like Stone's deserves more leniency.	1	1	0	politics
The prosecutors originally wrote Stone should face about 7 to 9 years in prison for his crimes of obstruction, lying to Congress and witness intimidation.	1	1	0	politics
To arrive at their seven to nine year sentencing recommendation, the ex-Stone prosecutors had done legal calculations that highlighted Stone's threats toward a congressional witness and toward the judge.	1	1	0	politics
Trump says he won't pardon Roger Stone -- for now "I fear that you know less about the case, saw less of the testimony and the exhibits than just about every other person in this courtroom," Jackson said to him, kicking off a 10-minute portion of the hearing focused on the sentencing mess.	1	0	0	politics
"Max Von Sydow, such an iconic presence in cinema for seven decades, it seemed like he'd always be with us," wrote Wright on Twitter.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Max Von Sydow, such an iconic presence in cinema for seven decades, it seemed like he'd always be with us.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"We are on our way home," Corker tweeted.	0	0	0	politics
He said Holt had been through more than "most people could endure."	1	0	0	politics
He specially mentioned Egyptian-American charity worker Aya Hijazi, calling her a "fantastic young woman," and the three men recently released from North Korea.	0	1	1	politics
Holt and his wife, Thamara Caleno, arrived Saturday evening at Washington Dulles International Airport for a tearful reunion with his parents, Laurie and Jason Holt.	0	0	1	politics
In retaliation, socialist party boss Diosdado Cabello, a powerful Maduro ally, said on state television that Holt was the CIA's top spy in Latin America.	1	0	0	politics
It's the second time in less than a month Mr. Trump has welcomed prisoners home, after he helped secure the freedom of three Americans held in North Korea.	1	1	1	politics
Months of secret, backchannel talks between an aide to Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and close allies of Maduro preceded their return.	0	1	0	politics
Mr. Trump said there have been 17 prisoners released since he became president.	0	1	1	politics
Their release came one day after Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., held a surprise meeting in Caracas with Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, who the Trump administration says runs a "dictatorship" and just won re-election in a "sham" vote.	1	1	0	politics
WASHINGTON -- Joshua Holt, who traveled to Venezuela from Utah in 2016 to marry a Spanish-speaking Mormon woman but soon found himself jailed and later branded the CIA's top spy in Latin America, has been set free by the anti-American Maduro government.	1	1	1	politics
South Korean authorities also arranged facilities for patients who were only suffering from mild symptoms.	1	1	0	health
"Before, prices were at the discretion of the sales clerk, so the same product could be sold for two different prices to two different clients," Fertil explained.	1	0	0	travel
"It's designed to inspire people to amble through the store like we do in Paris streets, to discover new things, be surprised, to stop, enjoy a coffee and relax," added store style director Jennifer Culliver.	0	0	1	travel
"It was luxury for the masses," Whitaker said.	0	0	1	travel
"The idea is that by strolling through the Bon Marché they'll be moved by the artist's vision.	0	0	1	travel
"These exhibits are really meant as a gift to our visitors," Fertil said.	0	0	1	travel
"Tourists are so important for the survival of department stores in Europe.	0	1	0	travel
Archives du Bon Marché Rive Gauche 	0	0	0	travel
Another claim to fame?	0	0	0	travel
Archives du Bon Marché Rive Gauche 	0	0	0	travel
The business model was much the same then as it is now: to get as many people of the socio-economic spectrum through the door as possible, and get them to stay.	0	1	0	travel
At Le Bon Marché department store in Paris, which was founded in 1852 and holds the title of the oldest and longest-running department store in the world, Aristide and Marguerite Boucicaut pioneered retail concepts many people probably take for granted.	0	0	0	travel
Compared to Printemps (which was founded by a former Bon Marché employee) and Galeries Lafayette, arguably the most beautiful of the three, Le Bon Marché is more manageable in size and conducive to slower paced "promenades" or strolls.	0	0	1	travel
Finding everything from trousers to bedsheets and dishware to hairdryers and lipstick under one roof was an idea popularized in large part at Le Bon Marché under the Boucicauts' leadership.	0	1	0	travel
Goods were also priced at a smaller profit margin (bon marché is French for a "good deal") but inventory turnover was high.	0	1	0	travel
If they needed pink sheets, they would have to ask the sales clerk who would then pull out the closest thing they had to pink sheets," Fertil said.	1	0	0	travel
Le Bon Marché lays claim to the concept.	0	0	1	travel
Related content 	0	0	0	travel
Patrons of the arts 	0	0	0	travel
The Boucicauts also understood the importance of customer loyalty and time spent inside the store.	0	0	0	travel
Related content	0	0	0	travel
The 6 best shopping streets in Paris 	0	0	1	travel
Revolutionizing the way we shop 	0	0	0	travel
It's a Saturday afternoon inside the ladies' department of the luxury department store on Paris's Left Bank, and shoppers are performing time-honored rituals: sifting through designer dresses, flipping over price tags and holding blouses up their necks to inspect their reflections in the mirror.	0	0	0	travel
Stephane Muratet/Courtesy Le Bon Marché Rive Gauche 	0	0	0	travel
Except that, were it not for the trailblazing concepts pioneered at Le Bon Bon Marché, today's contemporary shopping experience might not be as easily recognizable.	0	1	1	travel
The Boucicauts understood the importance of customer loyalty and time spent inside the store.	0	0	0	travel
The business model is still to get as many people through the door as possible, and get them to stay.	0	1	0	travel
These are people who have the time to explore and leisure money to spend."	0	0	1	travel
GET OUT THE VOTE for Democrats.	0	1	0	politics
If you work 40 hours a week, you should not live in poverty.	0	0	0	politics
Just click here, enter your zip, and you're off to the races!	0	0	0	politics
Vote them all out on November 6.	0	1	0	politics
And by the 1950s, some 6,000 hospitals had sprouted throughout the country.	0	0	1	economy-job-market
As part of that approach, they're purchasing physician practices at record rates, hoping to ensure continued referral volume, regardless of the cost.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
Betsy Nabel offered this explanation in a letter to employees this May, adding that the hospital will "need to work differently in order to sustain our mission for the future."	0	1	0	economy-job-market
A founding member of Partners HealthCare in Boston, Brigham & Women Hospital (BWH) is the second-largest research hospital in the nation, with over $640 million in funding.	0	0	1	economy-job-market
But after a difficult FY 2016, BWH offered retirement buyouts to 1,600 employees, nearly 10% of its workforce.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
Change will need to come from outside the traditional healthcare system.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
For all that expansion, hospital costs remained relatively low.	0	0	1	economy-job-market
Harsh Realities Ahead For Hospitals	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Although nearly every hospital talks about becoming leaner and more efficient, few are fulfilling that vision.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Instead, hospitals are pursuing strategies of market concentration.	0	1	0	economy-job-market
Its storied history dates back more than a century.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
Nor is it a consequence of people needing less medical care.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
The payer mix is shifting to lower-priced patients, including those on Medicaid.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
They know doctors, nurses, and staff will fight the changes required to boost efficiency, especially those that involve increasing productivity or lowering headcount.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
With the introduction of general anesthesia and the discovery of powerful antibiotics, medical care began moving from people's homes to inpatient facilities.	0	1	1	economy-job-market
"He said,'say no more', and immediately got down on the floor to greet my little man", Wolf wrote on Facebook.	0	1	1	health
A Texas mother's post about the "Best Santa ever" has gone viral after she shared moving photos of her 6-year-old son, who is blind and autistic, touching Santa's face and feeling his suit as they shared a special moment.	0	0	1	health
What followed next, according to Wolf's Facebook page that has received more than 224,000 reactions and nearly 95,000 shares, was a little bit of Christmas magic.	0	0	1	health
YOUNG GIRL WAKES UP FROM 2-WEEK COMA: 'OUR CHRISTMAS MIRACLE IS HAPPENING'	1	1	1	health
"I went over there and whispered real quick I said, "He'ss blind and he's autistic but very interested in Santa," Wolf told Fox 4 News.	0	0	0	health
As a party switcher and mega-rich white dude he will have a long way to go to answer concerns from Democratic loyalists, but if he's serious about running after a decade of false starts, he could be a contender.	1	0	0	politics
As we progress, new lanes and groupings will emerge based on the ideologies, personal traits, electoral strategy and attitudes of the candidates.	0	0	0	politics
Biden or another of Obama's acolytes may find success running as James Polk did in 1844, which was to seal and complete the vision of a past hero of the party.	0	1	1	politics
BILLIONAIRES	0	0	0	politics
Hedge fund manager Tom Steyer - Former Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz	0	0	0	politics
If the Trump administration is the beginning of a real oligarchy in the American presidency, Democrats don't want to miss the boat.	1	0	0	politics
But then again, America never had a reality show host win the presidency before.	0	0	0	politics
Certainly, O'Rourke's strong second in bright-red Texas gives him something to talk about.	0	0	1	politics
Even so, there will be at least four serious contenders in the Senate that will make life much harder for Sen. Chuck Schumer as he tries to overcome his members' personal ambition for the good of the party overall.	1	0	0	politics
He also established credibility with liberal activists by funding insurgent candidates like Andrew Gillum in Florida.	0	1	1	politics
He spent much of the past two years generating a list of potential supporters through an impeachment petition he lavishly advertised on television.	0	1	0	politics
Hickenlooper, a moderate and successful businessman, has been nosing around a run longer than the rest, but is still a relative unknown inside his party.	1	0	1	politics
Inslee is even less well known but does have an angle: If he runs it will be as the climate change candidate in the race.	1	1	0	politics
It is a result of not only a pretty considerable amount of talent on the Democratic bench but also the fact that the Democrats believe President Trump is eminently beatable in 2020.	0	1	1	politics
It may be only now, without the presence of his longtime rival, Hillary Clinton, that the Democrats get down to defining what that means.	0	1	0	politics
It seems pretty clear that 2016 runner-up Sanders will be plowing the same ground as Warren who is doing her best to simulate gusto in her now-official candidacy.	0	1	0	politics
Maybe it was just because Republicans nominated Thomas Dewey so often that it seemed like more.	0	0	0	politics
That being said, any of the governors on this list would have to win as dark horse candidates.	0	0	0	politics
MAYORS	0	0	0	politics
Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg - Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti - Former New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu - South Bend, Indiana Mayor Pete Buttigieg	0	0	0	politics
Never in American history has anyone gone directly from the mayor's office to the White House.	0	0	0	politics
Only two members of the House who never attained higher office have won the presidency: James Garfield and Abraham Lincoln.	0	0	0	politics
So maybe what they lack in number is compensated for by quality.	0	0	0	politics
That would speak to a considerable portion of the Democratic electorate.	0	0	1	politics
The two of them were already jousting during the televised spectacle of the most recent Supreme Court confirmation hearings, trying to be the most woke and most brutal in their performances.	0	0	0	politics
These "could be" candidates are limited to those who could make the run without a lengthy warm up.	0	0	0	politics
They have two potential candidates with zero record of accomplishment in public service but lots and lots and lots of money.	1	0	1	politics
This is only useful here in the very early going when we are still five months away from the first debate.	0	0	0	politics
We also know, however, these folks have big enough names, deep enough pockets and strong enough support among Democratic primary voters that they could still do it if they wanted to.	0	1	1	politics
Whether that's enough to overcome Democratic aversion to nominating a white, Episcopalian hedge fund manager we don't know.	1	0	0	politics
Whichever team you like is today in contention for the World Series.	0	0	0	politics
While Schultz's efforts so far have looked more like an identity crisis than a real candidacy, Steyer is a serious player.	1	0	1	politics
Yes, George W. Bush and Ronald Reagan both fit the model of big-state executives going national, but out of the 19 Republicans who have held the highest office only six were former governors.	0	0	0	politics
A second alarm triggered a response by Deerfield Township and Metamora Township fire departments.	1	1	0	accidents-disasters
Approximately 40 firefighters responded between the four departments.	0	1	0	accidents-disasters
Crews entered the building and were able to quickly contain the fire to the kitchen and cashier areas of the building, according to a Lapeer Fire Department news release.	1	1	1	accidents-disasters
No injuries were reported.	0	0	1	accidents-disasters
15, 201910:16	0	0	0	politics
Trump's critique is not exactly a novel one.	1	0	0	politics
A U.S. departure from NATO would not only accomplish a 70-year-old goal of Russian strategy but it would also likely "make America alone again".	1	1	0	politics
American defense spending is based on American global commitments as opposed to the European members, and the maintenance of strategic nuclear forces that serve as a deterrent for the U.S. and its allies.	0	0	1	politics
As President Harry Truman's Secretary of State Dean Acheson argued: "Only the United States had the power to grab hold of history and make it conform."	0	1	1	politics
But as much as Trump has tried to turn America's focus inward, we remain at war and at risk around the world.	1	0	0	politics
But this needs to happen with the U.S., not without it.	0	0	0	politics
Clearly, the U.S. helped found NATO out of self-interest following two disastrous world wars -- not out of altruism.	1	1	0	politics
If Trump does indeed believe this, it suggests he views the entire international system created in the aftermath of World War II as outdated.	1	0	0	politics
NATO also provides forces that help train Iraqi security forces.	0	1	0	politics
NATO may not be perfect, but it exists for a very good reason: As described in the president's own national security strategy, NATO nations "are bound together by our shared commitment to the principles of democracy, individual liberty, and the rule of law". 	0	0	1	politics
The alliance provides the U.S. with greater strategic reach and the ability to better confront current as well as future threats.	1	1	1	politics
New reports that President Donald Trump repeatedly discussed with advisors his conviction that the United States should leave NATO represent nothing short of a triumph for Russian national security policy  - even if nothing definitive has happened (yet).	1	0	0	politics
Reports that Trump repeatedly discussed with advisors his conviction that the United States should leave NATO is nothing short of a triumph for Russian national security policy.	1	0	0	politics
The end of the American nuclear guarantee might also encourage several European countries to create or expand their nuclear forces and embolden broader global proliferation.	1	0	0	politics
The U.S. would ostensibly save $550 million should we leave NATO, but our departure would also require the Pentagon to confront difficult realities.	1	1	1	politics
"I wrote a check that was a little higher than what I normally write, because I'm concerned about people this month," she said.	1	0	0	welfare
"Right now, frankly, all of our energy is trying to figure out what we can do to help people get through to their next March payment," she said.	1	1	0	welfare
And Trump says he is ready to do that if his border security proposals fail to garner enough congressional support.	1	1	0	welfare
At the time, there was no clear end in sight to the government shutdown, which pushed officials to devise the workaround.	1	0	0	welfare
Daniel Davenport, 45, cobbles together a living by working part time in music production and relying on food stamps.	1	0	0	welfare
For Davenport, his next SNAP disbursement is more than five weeks away.	1	0	0	welfare
In Harrisburg, meanwhile, Miller is pleading for politicians in Washington to consider how their decisions impact some of the country's most at-risk people.	1	1	0	welfare
It's not, he found out, after watching a local television report on the federal government paying out February's food stamps early.	1	0	0	welfare
Miller says she has been chipping in herself.	0	1	0	welfare
Officials in states around the country attempted to inform SNAP clients about how to budget for the double payment, but in Pennsylvania, Miller acknowledged, letters did not reach recipients until after the change.	1	1	0	welfare
Right now, frankly, all of our energy is trying to figure out what we can do to help people get through to their next March payment.	1	1	0	welfare
As a result, a young woman named Kolgu Inusah became pregnant.	0	0	0	politics
He reinstated what's called the Mexico City policy, which stipulates that family planning funds cannot go to foreign aid groups that ever discuss abortion.	1	1	0	politics
I hope all of the marchers call the White House, 202-456-1111, or their members of Congress, 202-224-3121, to protest.	1	1	0	politics
Please, please, keep on marching, keep on calling.	0	1	0	politics
Presumably Trump thought this policy would reduce abortions, and was thus "pro-life".	0	1	0	politics
In fact, this is a "pro-death" approach that actually increases abortions, as well as deaths among women.	1	0	0	politics
She was rushed to a clinic, but doctors couldn't save her.	1	0	0	politics
Worse, Trump expanded this "global gag rule" – as critics call it, because it bars groups from mentioning abortion – so that it apparently will cover all kinds of health services, including efforts to tackle polio or Zika or H.I.V., even programs to help women who have been trafficked into brothels.	1	0	0	politics
At N.S.C. meetings, representatives from the State Department, the Pentagon, the Treasury Department, the intelligence community and other agencies speak freely and critically about the full breadth of options available to the United States.	0	0	1	politics
But they seldom get political - nor should they.	0	0	0	politics
If this is true, the administration should clarify that by making them permanent members of the principals committee.	0	1	0	politics
It facilitates and coordinates, providing a forum through which federal agencies discuss and debate policy and, ultimately, provide counsel to the president about how best to keep the American people safe.	0	1	1	politics
Mr. Bush understood this, as did his successor.	0	0	0	politics
Some of Mr. Trump's plans, such as including the director of the C.I.A. as a full voting member of the council, are welcome.	0	1	0	politics
That would send a strong signal that Mr. Trump will still take seriously the military and intelligence community.	0	1	1	politics
That's the way it should be.	0	0	1	politics
The second much needed adjustment to Mr. Trump's arrangement of the council is the removal of Mr. Bannon from the principals committee.	1	1	0	politics
What's more, according to Mr. Trump's plans for the National Security Council, neither the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the nation's highest-ranking military officer and the president's primary military adviser, nor the director of national intelligence, the president's primary intelligence adviser, will be a permanent member of the council's "principals committee," a core group responsible for formulating policy.	1	0	0	politics
"And when I left the blocks, I was like, 'Awww.'"	0	0	0	sports
It was the first bronze medal for Bolt at a world championships, and it left the crowd buzzing with surprise.	0	0	1	sports
At the end of the race, I bent deep for Usain and paid homage to him.	0	0	0	sports
"I think I lost the race to a great competitor."	1	0	1	sports
Referring to Coleman, he said: "I came in third to a young kid that is coming up.	1	0	0	sports
"It doesn't change anything for me," Bolt said.	0	0	0	sports
Bolt embraced him and congratulated him warmly on the track, and he later defended Gatlin's right to compete after "paying his dues".	1	1	1	sports
Gatlin, the oldest man ever to win a running event other than the marathon at the world championships, said he had tried to block out the boos.	1	1	1	sports
Bolt's season turned out to be one too far, after his triple-gold-medal performance at last year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.	1	0	0	sports
But he insisted the defeat had not altered his retirement plans.	1	1	0	sports
But no great runner has possessed Bolt's mix of race-day playfulness and ruthlessness.	0	0	1	sports
Coleman returned Bolt's glance and went on to beat him out of the blocks again in the final.	0	0	1	sports
He also has won four world titles in the 200, though he chose not to compete in that event, long his favorite, in London this year.	0	0	1	sports
He had run three 100-meter races this year before London, breaking 10 seconds in only one, when he won in 9.95 seconds in Monaco last month.	0	0	1	sports
He has been running in Bolt's long shadow since his return, and their races have often been cast as morality plays, particularly their duel in the 100 at the 2015 world championships in Beijing, which Bolt won by just one-hundredth of a second and was hailed in some quarters as a savior for track and field.	1	0	1	sports
He still plans to compete next Saturday in the 4x100-meter relay for Jamaica, but the heaviest lifting is now done unless Bolt changes his retirement plans.	1	1	0	sports
He swept the 100 and the 200 at each of the past three Olympics, an unprecedented feat.	0	1	1	sports
His second doping suspension, a four-year ban, began in 2006, when he was the world's leading sprinter.	1	0	1	sports
I came out and did my best.	0	1	1	sports
I was always going to end no matter what happened - win, lose or draw.	1	0	0	sports
I was always going to walk away.	0	0	0	sports
I've done all I can do for the sport and for myself.	0	1	1	sports
People had come to see Bolt off in style, roaring for him as he arrived on the track.	0	0	1	sports
Running far outside in Lane 8, Gatlin finished in 9.92 seconds, reeling in Christian Coleman, a 21-year-old countryman he has mentored, with a final surge.	0	0	1	sports
The bronze went to Bolt, whose 9.95 was his slowest time in a major 100-meter final.	1	0	0	sports
The gold medal in the 100 meters at the world track and field championships went instead to Justin Gatlin, the 35-year-old American who has long been Bolt's foil and who had not won a 100 world title since 2005.	1	0	0	sports
Though he has routinely recovered from such deficits by straightening up his long body and achieving full flight, there would be no compensating this time.	1	1	0	sports
"I think this is going to make for a lively debate at our next science mission meeting."	0	0	0	science-technology
A European Space Agency spacecraft, called Juice or Jupiter Icy Moons Explorer, will also fly by Europa, as well as two other Jovian satellites, Ganymede and Callisto.	0	0	0	science-technology
"It all seemed to hang together," Dr. Kivelson said.	0	1	0	science-technology
"Obviously this is a place we would want to suss out with the Europa Clipper mission in the future," he said.	0	1	0	science-technology
Also convinced is John Culberson, a Texas congressman who is chairman of the House subcommittee that sets NASA's budget.	0	0	1	science-technology
In a study published Monday in the journal Nature Astronomy, scientists are reporting a belated discovery that Galileo, an earlier NASA spacecraft that studied Jupiter, appears to have flown through one of the Europa plumes more than 20 years ago.	0	1	0	science-technology
Mr. Culberson has been an enthusiastic supporter of the Clipper mission, repeatedly adding more money to the project than NASA officials requested.	0	1	1	science-technology
That we could translate into how long it would take Galileo to move across a plume that had been proposed.	0	1	1	science-technology
The three-minute-long magnetic anomaly seemed to fit with the apparent size of the Hubble plume.	0	0	0	science-technology
The final piece was a computer model of a plume by Xianzhe Jia, a professor of climate and space sciences and engineering at the University of Michigan, that created the same effects on the magnetic field and the plasma waves.	0	1	0	science-technology
Will Rogers once said "It isn't what we don't know that gives us trouble, it's what we know that ain't so."	0	0	0	politics
That came to mind this week when the Senate Intelligence Committee heard testimony about Russian agents creating fake news to fool voters.	1	0	0	politics
Through social media, the lies got into the American bloodstream.	1	0	0	politics
How do we stop this?	1	0	0	politics
We can go after the supply -- sanction the Russians, put in better filters and so on -- but the real problem is the demand.	1	1	0	politics
We want to believe stories that we want to believe.	0	0	0	politics
Studies show that when a person believes something passionately, contrary facts don't change their mind, they make them double down.	1	0	0	politics
Needing confirmation is not new.	0	0	0	politics
They're designed to appeal to our emotions.	0	0	1	politics
That's how they get shared and how the trolls get paid.	1	0	0	politics
This is killing our politics: emotions are aroused -- including fear -- and no one is budging.	1	0	0	politics
Scared and angry are not the starting blocks for agreement.	1	0	0	politics
How do we stop it?	1	0	0	politics
The editor of Snopes, the website that helps you debunk urban myths your uncle emails you, has a rule: if a story arouses an emotional response in you, double-check it."	1	1	0	politics
Or, as reporters say: "If your mother tells you she loves you, check it out."	0	0	0	politics
One last thing.	0	0	0	politics
Despite what the Internet may think, Will Rogers didn't actually say that quote I started with.	1	0	0	politics
But it felt so right!	0	0	1	politics
Mauri Ratilainen/European Pressphoto Agency	0	0	0	politics
MOSCOW – President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia on Thursday denounced as "illegal" American plans for new sanctions against his country and scorned investigations into the Trump campaign's relations with Russia as political hysteria.	1	0	0	politics
Moscow, Mr. Putin warned, cannot "put up forever with this boorishness."	1	0	0	politics
But, speaking in eastern Finland during a joint news conference with the Finnish president, Sauli Niinisto, Mr. Putin said he would wait until a final text of the new sanctions legislation had been adopted before deciding how to respond.	0	1	0	politics
The comments were Mr. Putin's first public response to a push in Congress to enact stepped-up sanctions against Russia, Iran and North Korea and to limit President Trump's ability to overturn the restrictions.	1	1	0	politics
Mr. Putin said the sanctions were illegal under international law and violated the rules of the World Trade Organization, which Russia joined in 2012.	1	0	0	politics
Since then, Moscow's hopes of a swift warming of ties under Mr. Trump have evaporated amid investigations in Washington into whether Mr. Trump's campaign colluded with Russia before the election.	1	1	0	politics
In December Mr. Putin, hoping for rapprochement under Mr. Trump, declined to respond to Mr. Obama's expulsion of 35 Russian diplomatic staff members and the seizure of Russian diplomatic property.	1	1	0	politics
Mr. Obama said such measures were to punish Moscow for its interference in last year's presidential election.	1	1	0	politics
Mr. Putin said on Thursday that Russia had so far been "restrained and patient" in response to what he said were constant provocations by the United States.	1	1	0	politics
"It is impossible to put up forever with this boorishness toward our country."	1	0	0	politics
Mr. Putin visited Finland to help mark the 100th anniversary of its independence from the Russian empire, an occasion that allowed him to avoid the tension and street protests that often accompany his travels elsewhere in Europe.	1	1	1	politics
While many European leaders give Mr. Putin a frosty reception, President Niinisto has sought to promote a spirit of quiet, steadfast cooperation between Finland and its large eastern neighbor.	1	1	0	politics
Mr. Niinisto told Mr. Putin on Thursday: "I do not quite agree with you that the issue is about imposing sanctions or adhering to U.S. laws.	1	0	0	politics
I understand it is the suspicions about the American election process that lie behind this.	1	0	0	politics
He said he agreed with Mr. Putin's wish "that people around the world would understand each other a bit better."	0	1	0	politics
"That is in the interest of us all," Mr. Niinisto said Russia and Finland share an 830-mile border, and cooperation along it came under strain in 2015 at the height of Europe's migrant crisis, when a surge of people from the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere passed through the border and sought asylum in Finland.	1	1	0	politics
The sudden appearance of the migration route provoked suspicions among some Finland lawmakers that the migrants' passage had been facilitated by Russian special forces.	1	0	0	politics
Other signs of strain have emerged since Russia's remilitarization of the Baltic Sea region, especially its exclave of Kaliningrad, where Russia has been testing long-range surface-to-air missiles.	1	0	0	politics
Russia also has been accused of frequently breaching air and sea-space boundaries in the neighboring Baltic States of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.	1	0	0	politics
On Thursday, Mr. Putin and the Finnish president both played down the significance of joint Russian-Chinese naval exercises underway in the Baltic Sea, the first time the two navies have trained together in the area.	0	1	0	politics
While Finland, like Sweden, does not belong to the NATO alliance and only a minority of the population supports the idea of joining, Finland has bulked up its defenses and strengthened regional defense cooperation, bringing 50,000 more troops into its armed forces and establishing in Helsinki the European Center of Excellence for Countering Hybrid Threats.	1	1	1	politics
For West Virginia's biggest utility company, coal is no longer king.	1	0	0	politics
"The current administration in Washington, D.C., is very pro-coal, which is a good thing, but they run in four-year increments," Beam told HuffPost by phone last week.	1	0	1	politics
"The last administration was not pro-coal.	1	0	0	politics
"We don't get into the four-year swing based on who is sitting in what chair, but more around what is the best thing to do from our customers' perspective."	0	0	0	politics
Carlos Barria/Reuters	0	0	0	politics
Appalachian Power already has 495 megawatts of wind energy, bolstered by its purchase of a 20-year contract for 120 megawatts last June.	0	1	1	politics
For now, it doesn't sell any solar energy.	1	0	0	politics
The Charleston Gazette-Mail first reported on Appalachian Power's plans.	0	0	0	politics
Part of the company's push into renewables comes from a desire to attract more corporate customers, like Google, Amazon or Walmart, which have set goals for powering their operations with 100 percent zero-emissions energy.	0	1	0	politics
Beam declined to name any specific companies he's been courting.	0	0	0	politics
"These corporations are setting targets that they have to meet from a renewables perspective, and that's being driven by their boards of directors," Beam said.	0	0	0	politics
"That's an input for us."	0	0	0	politics
Appalachian Power is far from alone.	0	0	0	politics
This week, Virginia's largest utility announced plans to power 1.3 million Virginia and North Carolina homes with solar by 2042.	0	1	0	politics
Still, Beam shies away from the debate over climate change invigorated by President Donald Trump, who has dismissed global warming as a Chinese hoax.	1	0	0	politics
Hard-line denialists are pushing the White House to withdraw from the Paris Agreement, the historic 195-country deal to slash greenhouse gases.	1	1	0	politics
References to climate change have disappeared from federal websites.	1	0	0	politics
Even outside government, climate denialism has gained an upper hand.	1	0	0	politics
Last week, The New York Times defended poaching a notorious climate science critic from The Wall Street Journal as a "diversity" hire.	1	1	0	politics
To be clear, an overwhelming body of peer-reviewed research indicates that a huge increase in greenhouse gas emissions, chiefly caused by the burning of fossil fuels, is warming the planet and altering the climate.	1	0	0	politics
The uptick in violent storms, droughts and the rapid retreat of glaciers are already tangible symptoms of climate change, scientists say.	1	0	0	politics
Yet a decades-long Big Tobacco-style disinformation campaign orchestrated by oil and gas interests means there's still a political debate over the issue.	1	0	0	politics
The swift collapse of the coal mining industry over the last decade has also led to political sparring.	1	0	0	politics
As China shifts away from coal, laying off thousands of its own miners, demand seems unlikely to return anytime soon, if ever.	1	0	0	politics
But coal executives and their mostly Republican allies, including Trump, have blamed environmental regulations for coal's decline, saying the Obama administration waged a "war on coal."	1	0	0	politics
Rules like the Clean Power Plan certainly didn't help, but the coal industry was crowded out of the market, not suffocated by regulations – as everyone from the libertarian magazine Reason to billionaire Bloomberg L.P. CEO Michael Bloomberg to coal companies themselves agree.	1	0	0	politics
Seventy-five percent support funding research into renewables, and 67 percent favor regulating carbon dioxide as a pollutant.	0	1	0	politics
"What we're trying to do is the right thing for the environment.	0	1	0	politics
We believe reducing our CO2 footprint is a good thing to do."	1	1	0	politics
EIA	0	0	0	politics
Yet even as more energy sources come into play, coal still reigns supreme in West Virginia.	1	1	0	politics
In 2014, 95.5 percent of the state's power came from coal-fired plants, and that ratio hasn't changed much over the last three years.	0	0	0	politics
"We still burn a lot of coal," Beam said.	0	0	0	politics
"We are also pro-coal.	0	0	0	politics
Richard Barnes	0	0	0	arts-culture
Strong political art is hard to make.	1	0	0	arts-culture
It starts with a kind of special-effects installation, a video of what looks like fast-flowing river projected across the gallery floor and surging toward you.	0	0	0	arts-culture
You walk over it to enter the show, and the shuddering current makes you feel woozy, as if you don't quite know what your feet are doing.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The image turns out not to be of water but of human debris – castoff clothing, backpacks, water bottles – seemingly swept along by some unseen force.	1	0	0	arts-culture
From wall labels, you learn the source of the stuff.	0	0	0	arts-culture
It all belonged to illegal immigrants entering the United States from Mexico through the Sonoran Desert in Arizona, one of the hottest, driest stretches of land North America.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The hazards of trying to cross it are potentially deadly: heat stroke, (summer temperatures are regularly over 100 degrees), dehydration and attacks – robberies, rapes, murders – by bandits and border patrols.	1	0	0	arts-culture
From 2001 to 2009, at least 2,500 migrants died, and probably many more whose bodies vanished.	1	0	0	arts-culture
An assistant professor at the University of Michigan, Mr. De León is founding director of the Undocumented Migration Project, a research initiative that studies clandestine and unauthorized desert traffic between Mexico and the United States, and collects its material traces.	1	1	0	arts-culture
Migrants have varied reasons – some criminal, but a vast majority not – for heading north: to escape poverty and political oppression, or to join family members, or simply to try to upgrade their lives.	1	1	0	arts-culture
But why would anyone try to cross here, through what's known to be a natural killing field?	1	0	0	arts-culture
Mr. De León suggests that decision is forcibly determined by politics.	1	0	0	arts-culture
In the 1990s, the United States cracked down hard on immigration from Mexico.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The Clinton administration beefed up on patrols and erected walls near border towns like Nogales to create, at least in the public eye, the impression that the problem was contained, at a time when Republicans in Congress were preparing immigration-control legislation.	1	1	0	arts-culture
A result of this show of power, in the opinion of Mr. De León and other advocates for immigrants, was to push determined border crossers out into rural areas where walls ended and the desert began.	1	0	0	arts-culture
He characterizes this policing strategy, known as "prevention through deterrence," as a form of passive violence, funneling migrants into inhospitable terrain, where nature would do the dirty work of finishing some of them off.	1	1	0	arts-culture
Mr. De León's argument is not one shared by the many Americans who approve of deterrents to illegal immigration.	1	0	0	arts-culture
A record number of illegal immigrants – some three million – were deported during the Obama administration, and nearly two million by his predecessor, George W. Bush.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The Trump administration last month released a far-reaching plan to arrest and deport vast numbers of unauthorized immigrants.	1	1	0	arts-culture
The Parsons exhibition is essentially a display of relics.	0	0	0	arts-culture
A long gallery wall is encrusted with hundreds of retrieved, dirt-caked backpacks of the kind seen in the entrance video.	0	0	0	arts-culture
As if from inside the packs, taped voices emerge of migrants recounting desert ordeals.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has done similar work but without the dense supporting context.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Dozens of small personal items are preserved in photographs: eyeglasses, dentures, medication vials, toiletries, letters, rosaries, prayer cards with pictures of the Virgin of Guadalupe, all stored in transparent plastic bags.	0	0	0	arts-culture
The objects that were found with the bodies of desert border-crossers and are part of an archive kept by a nonprofit group in Tucson called the Colibrí Center for Human Rights formed to locate the next of kin of dead or missing migrants.	1	1	0	arts-culture
In 2012, on a Sonoran research trip, Mr. De León and a group of his students came across the body of a young, and at the time, unidentified Ecuadorean woman who had tried to make the crossing and failed.	1	0	0	arts-culture
In his book he writes about the wrenching effects of the discovery, particularly on his students, some of whom, in her memory, later tattooed the GPS coordinates of the spot where she was found onto their bodies.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Mr. Barnes photographed the tattoos, and the bagged personal effects, and the images in show's video.	0	0	0	arts-culture
You could debate whether the resulting images qualify as art or as scientific data.	0	0	0	arts-culture
My own definition of art is broad.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Is the material in question interesting to look at?	0	0	0	arts-culture
Has it been made interesting to think about?	0	0	0	arts-culture
Is it being shown in an "art" context?	0	0	0	arts-culture
If the answers are "yes," then art is what you have.	0	0	0	arts-culture
And it can be particularly powerful when it coincides with red-alert political realities.	0	0	1	arts-culture
(CNN) – NASA's Voyager 2 probe, launched in 1977, is now more than 11 billion miles from Earth and has reached interstellar space, the agency said Monday.	0	0	1	science-technology
And it's an incredible feat for a spacecraft designed to last five years.	0	0	1	science-technology
This boundary is where hot solar wind meets cold interstellar space, and it's called the heliopause.	0	0	0	science-technology
Mission scientists compared data from instruments on Voyager 2 to determine that the actual date of the crossing was November 5, when the solar wind particles around the probe dipped greatly, meaning it left the heliosphere.	0	0	0	science-technology
"There is still a lot to learn about the region of interstellar space immediately beyond the heliopause," Voyager project scientist Ed Stone said in a statement.	0	0	0	science-technology
Voyager 1, launched just a few weeks after Voyager 2, crossed the same boundary in 2012 and exited the heliosphere, a bubble of magnetic fields and particles created by the sun.	0	0	0	science-technology
However, just because the probes have left the heliosphere doesn't mean they have left our solar system.	0	0	0	science-technology
Its boundary is the outermost edge of the Oort Cloud, a group of small objects influenced by the gravity of our sun.	0	0	0	science-technology
The mission scientists believe that it would take Voyager 2,300 years to reach the inner edge of the cloud and 30,000 years to fly past it completely.	0	0	0	science-technology
The instrument will be able to take unprecedented observations in this part of interstellar space and send them back to mission scientists.	0	1	1	science-technology
"Voyager has a very special place for us in our heliophysics fleet," Nicola Fox, director of the Heliophysics Division at NASA Headquarters, said in a statement.	0	0	1	science-technology
"Our studies start at the Sun and extend out to everything the solar wind touches.	0	0	0	science-technology
To have the Voyagers sending back information about the edge of the Sun's influence gives us an unprecedented glimpse of truly uncharted territory."	0	1	1	science-technology
The greatest concerns about keeping the probes operating are power and thermal.	1	0	0	science-technology
The cameras for both probes are no longer on.	1	0	0	science-technology
Voyager 2 is very cold -- about 3.6 degrees Celsius and close to the freezing point of hydrazine -- causing concerns about the probe's thruster that uses this fuel.	1	0	0	science-technology
"There are difficult decisions ahead, but those will be made with getting the most science value back.	1	1	0	science-technology
My personal goal is to get them to last 50 years total."	0	1	0	science-technology
Voyager 2 launched August 20, 1977, 16 days before Voyager 1.	0	0	0	science-technology
Both probes are landmark missions that continue the journey of exploration in unexplored territory, the agency said.	0	1	1	science-technology
Both were designed as five-year missions to study Jupiter and Saturn up close, and when those were successful, flybys were added for Uranus and Neptune.	0	1	1	science-technology
Remote-control programming allowed the spacecraft to keep flying well beyond their intended targets and explore more of the "final frontier."	0	1	1	science-technology
"I think we're all happy and relieved that the Voyager probes have both operated long enough to make it past this milestone," Dodd said.	0	1	1	science-technology
"This is what we've all been waiting for.	0	0	1	science-technology
Now, we're looking forward to what we'll be able to learn from having both probes outside the heliopause."	0	1	1	science-technology
We live in times of instant mass outrage.	1	0	0	sports
Someone does something, says something or is seen doing something and they can be demonized with a click.	1	0	0	sports
The kid bobbled the baseball.	1	0	0	sports
What people saw next in video clips that zapped around the world was a man with close-cropped hair, who sat behind the boy, scoop up the baseball and give it to the woman next to him.	0	0	0	sports
Tweets and other social media posts began a barrage about the man who filched a foul ball from a little boy.	1	0	0	sports
There could be no doubt.	0	0	0	sports
We saw it.	0	0	0	sports
The Cubs front office quickly dispatched a staffer down to the seats.	0	1	0	sports
He gave the youngster a new ball signed by Javy Baez, the Cubs shortstop.	0	1	0	sports
Julian Green of the Cubs said in a statement, "Unfortunately, a video that was quickly posted and unverified has made a national villain out of an innocent man."	1	0	0	sports
No one left disappointed.	0	0	1	sports
I am not 'that guy' that the media and social media made me out to be."	1	0	0	sports
And the mother of the little boy issued her own endorsement of the stranger who sat behind her son and so freely shared the baseballs he snared: "The fans in his section left the game giddy with excitement from a great game," she said.	0	0	1	sports
"Most of all our son, who had one of the best days of his life."	0	0	1	sports
I almost retweeted that 12-second video myself, no doubt with some caustic comment.	1	0	0	sports
I think I would have, if the man with close-cropped hair had been a Yankees fan.	0	0	0	sports
How many of us today would rather be outraged than informed?	1	0	0	sports
Events last Thursday on the two sides of the Atlantic were at once momentous and in some ways connected.	0	0	0	politics
In Washington the former FBI director James Comey used his open hearing before the Senate intelligence committee to call the president of the United States a liar – an astonishing act of lese-majesty.	1	0	0	politics
Meanwhile, at Westminster, Theresa May squandered her majority.	1	0	0	politics
As a result, on both sides of the pond, there has been rejoicing on the left, and adjustments on the right.	0	1	1	politics
Donald Trump, who failed to win a majority of the popular vote in the presidential elections, now describes himself as a man under siege.	1	0	0	politics
As for May, she never possessed an electoral mandate for her initial climb to the top of the greasy pole.	1	0	0	politics
For all her hopes, she has not unambiguously secured one now.	1	0	0	politics
Comey's testimony shows: the impeachment machine is warming up 	1	0	0	politics
| Richard Wolffe	0	0	0	politics
Read more	0	0	0	politics
Yet current transatlantic political similarities go well beyond this.	0	0	0	politics
Some of the reasons for this are suggested by other recent events.	0	0	0	politics
During the same period, and despite Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord, China reaffirmed its role as a leading supporter.	1	1	1	politics
It used to be imperial Britain that built and financed African railroads, while its successor empire, the United States, proclaimed itself the world's indispensable nation.	0	0	1	politics
No longer.	0	0	0	politics
The UK, manifestly, and also, to a degree, the US are visibly losing ground, partly as a result of a resurgent Asia.	1	0	0	politics
It is these deep processes of global change that account for some of the political parallels – and political problems – evident in the so-called Anglosphere.	1	0	0	politics
At one level, both Trump and May owed their accession to power to substantial numbers of people in their respective countries craving an end to perceived decline and loss of direction.	1	1	0	politics
By the same token, May's initial success was very much a byproduct of Brexit, and this again was sold to the public in part as a solution to immigration and as a salve to the UK's persistent drift and decline.	1	1	1	politics
Many Britons who backed Brexit believed – and believe still – that a UK "freed" from "Europe" would be able to recover and re-establish its historic destiny as an independent global trading nation.	0	1	1	politics
Britain in the past, like the United States now, was used to command; and it is hard for states and populations to let such pretensions go.	1	0	0	politics
Moreover, in both the UK and the US, unhappiness about lost or imperilled greatness has been the result of more than shifting power ratios.	1	0	0	politics
It derives too, in each case, from long-standing political complacencies.	1	0	0	politics
By the same token, although it still lacks a written constitution, Britain nonetheless pioneered an influential system of parliamentary government, which it exported to many parts of the globe.	0	1	1	politics
In the case of both of these polities, acting in different ways as constitutional role models for the rest of the world has made the loss or decline of international influence even harder to bear.	1	0	0	politics
It has also made it difficult for many people in Britain and the US to accept the degree to which their respective political systems are in fact now faltering and in dire need of substantial reform.	1	0	0	politics
On both sides of the Atlantic, then, sections of the right have been made deeply unhappy by the pace and nature of global change, and have sought out solutions, often coming up with the wrong ones.	1	0	0	politics
Yet both in Britain and the US, the left has little cause to feel complacent, because it too can exhibit a sense of entitlement that unhelpfully obscures rather than successfully addresses the harsh realities of a shifting world.	1	0	0	politics
Yet it is far from clear that the United States can afford to attempt and maintain such an ambitious foreign policy posture any more, or that China, India, and other rising states will allow it to do so.	1	0	0	politics
Young people have spoken.	0	0	0	politics
And they said Jeremy Corbyn 	0	0	0	politics
| Rhiannon Lucy Cosslett	0	0	0	politics
Read more	0	0	0	politics
Opponents of the Tories here in the UK also suffer from blind spots and wishful thinking.	1	0	0	politics
Jeremy Corbyn's calls for an end to austerity, with more public spending on the old and the young, schools, hospitals, students, local authorities and more have proved immensely popular and powerful.	0	1	1	politics
Any future government of Britain, of whatever political complexion, will need to cope with a resurgent and interfering Russia, an ever-shifting terror threat, an unstable Middle East, a likely marked retreat by the US from propping up Nato, and much more.	1	0	0	politics
Like it or not, responding to all this – given Britain's shrinking economic power – will inevitably leach money away from domestic programmes.	1	0	0	politics
The best that can be hoped and worked for may have to be the least worst option: an abandonment of Trident, say, in favour of a substantial upgrade of more conventional armed forces.	1	1	0	politics
But even that will soak up money.	1	0	0	politics
In Scotland the SNP too may well, as recent events suggest, have to settle for the least worst option.	1	0	0	politics
There is a respectable intellectual and ideological case to be made for Scottish independence.	0	0	0	politics
But Scotland too has no choice but to confront a fast-shifting and uncertain world in which the power, wealth and initiative of all western powers is under growing pressure.	1	0	0	politics
Since Britain and the US have each at different times been paramount global powers, however, their politicians have for a while been able to indulge in higher ambitions, and sometimes get away with them.	1	1	0	politics
But for Britain, that time has long passed.	1	0	0	politics
Its politicians need now to talk and think and plan not in terms of a transformative, glowing Brexit or a new, modern socialist millennium, but to put their minds together to establish what the least worst options are that they can feasibly and usefully pursue.	1	1	0	politics
Reports are mixed on if millennials are actually job-hopping more frequently than previous generations.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
What is clear is that job-hopping is becoming the norm for the average twenty something.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
On the flip side, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that Baby Boomers job-hopped in their twenties just as frequently as millennials do now.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
A Careerbuilder survey showed that 45% of employees plan to stay with their employer for less than two years, so we ought to get comfortable with the idea.	0	1	0	economy-job-market
Millennials can earn a higher salary, grow their career, change locations more frequently, and find a better cultural fit from job-hopping.	0	1	1	economy-job-market
The negative stigma is on its way out, so people should lean into the positive outcomes from making a change.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
PROMOTED	0	0	0	economy-job-market
More Money	0	0	0	economy-job-market
Most people assume that talented employees who change jobs frequently are always chasing a dollar.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
This may be partly true, but is only a piece of the puzzle.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
It certainly doesn't happen for everyone though.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
According to Legal Technology Solutions (LTS) figures, in a healthy economic market, a 8-10% increase is about average for a job change.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
In fact, staying at the same employer for over two years on average can cost you 50% or more in lifetime earnings.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Many individuals will actually take a pay cut to change jobs, though.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
A culture mismatch can drive an employee out the door faster than a smaller paycheck can.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Poor work-life balance can also contribute to a job change.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Working for a purpose is especially important for millennials.	0	1	0	economy-job-market
Any of these reasons can cause an employee to accept a lower salary in order to change.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
Career Growth	0	1	1	economy-job-market
A LinkedIn survey on people who have changed jobs showed that 59% of respondents chose their new company because they saw a stronger career path or more opportunity there.	0	1	0	economy-job-market
This is a bit of a given for job changers, but many organizations, especially those with fewer employees, are unable to provide the ability to advance through the ranks quickly.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Changing jobs allows employees to be choosy in the direction they head and avoid any preconceived notions from colleagues about their advancement.	0	1	0	economy-job-market
Ability To Change Locations	0	0	0	economy-job-market
The ability to move to another city with your current employer does not arise often, but moving due to a job change is common.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
In fact, 77% of Cornerstone survey respondents considered relocating to another city, state, or country as a desirable career move.	0	1	0	economy-job-market
Marriage and home ownership are at their lowest rates among young adults, so job relocation becomes easier and more desirable when people have less holding them in place.	0	1	1	economy-job-market
Many new employers will also offer relocation packages to employees who relocate to a new city, making it more affordable to discover new places to live.	0	1	1	economy-job-market
The Negative Stigma Is Nearly Gone	1	1	0	economy-job-market
In days past, HR managers would disregard a resume that shows tenure less than two years at more than one job.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
These days, the stigma is quickly losing steam.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
According to a Robert Half survey, 57% of millennials who were asked, "Is job hopping losing its stigma?" responded yes.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
As millennials rise into management positions and start hiring other employees, they will change in perspective on job-hopping.	0	1	0	economy-job-market
To be clear, I don't see any hiring managers preferring candidates who have been at jobs for a three-month period or less.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
Transitional job-hopping would involve a change after 12-36 months on the job.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
A 2015 Elance Odesk survey found that 52% of millennials believe employee loyalty is overrated, so the idea of staying with one company for an entire career is unpopular.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Job-hoppers should be prepared to give an explanation for their changes when asked.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
Employers see some job-hoppers who change to learn new skills, add new challenges, or break into a new industry as top performers.	0	1	1	economy-job-market
They prefer to have stronger relationships with their coworkers and blur many of the lines at work that previous generations haven't.	0	1	0	economy-job-market
It's not surprising that millennials are always on the hunt for the right corporate culture fit.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
This looks different for each millennial, so don't be surprised when they aren't interested in the game tables their company recently had installed in the break room.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
A 2015 survey by LinkedIn stated that 36% of respondents changed jobs because they were unsatisfied with the work environment or culture.	1	1	0	economy-job-market
Couple this stat with the knowledge that millennials are less likely to be loyal to an organization and you'll find that they will leave in flocks when they don't see the opportunity for change where they are.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Alabama's back in the dance.	0	1	0	sports
After five years of missing the NCAA tournament, the Crimson Tide officially made the field of 68 as announced Sunday evening.	1	1	1	sports
Alabama (19-15) will play Virginia Tech at 8:20 p.m. CT Thursday in Pittsburgh as the No. 9 seed with No. 1 seed Villanova possible in the next round.	0	0	0	sports
The Tide opened as a 2-point underdog.	1	0	0	sports
Alabama becomes the second 15-loss team to get an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament field after Vanderbilt did it last year.	0	0	1	sports
There was a team watch party in Coleman Coliseum for the selection show.	0	0	0	sports
Coach Avery Johnson and a few players will discuss the bid once the show concludes.	0	0	0	sports
Collin Sexton's running buzzer beater Thursday saved the season with a one-point win over Texas A&M.	0	1	1	sports
An 81-63 pounding of co-regular season champion Auburn all but assured the automatic bid regardless of the 86-63 loss to Kentucky in the semifinals.	1	1	1	sports
Alabama was No. 42 in the last RPI released after the Kentucky loss.	1	0	0	sports
It finished 7-7 in Quadrant 1 games with four wins over top-15 teams.	0	0	1	sports
This is Alabama's first trip to the tournament since 2012 when it lost the opener to Creighton.	1	1	1	sports
The Tide has not won an NCAA tournament game since 2006 when it beat Marquette 90-85 as a No. 10 seed.	1	0	0	sports
The Final Four this year will be played in San Antonio.	0	0	0	sports
This post will be updated.	0	0	0	sports
Michael Casagrande is an Alabama beat writer for the Alabama Media Group.	0	0	0	sports
Follow him on Twitter @ByCasagrande.	0	0	0	sports
Note to readers: if you purchase something through one of our affiliate links we may earn a commission.	0	0	0	sports
From the distinctive opening "Whooah" to the recurring funky brass riff that follows each line of lyrics, James Brown's hit song I Got You (I Feel Good) is a recipe for happiness.	0	0	1	science-technology
The iconic track is arguably one of the most upbeat ever made, guaranteed to get your heart racing, your head shaking and maybe even your fist pumping in time to the music.	0	0	1	science-technology
It is hard to listen to the Godfather of Soul blast out this tune and feel anything but cheerful.	0	0	1	science-technology
Yet, it appears there may be something sinister lurking behind the catchy lyrics and energetic performance – listening to this song can make you do bad things.	1	0	0	science-technology
"A lot of it can be negative," she says.	1	0	0	science-technology
"Music can make people more compliant, more aggressive and even racist."	1	0	0	science-technology
These latest findings are a stark contrast with some long-held assumptions – including the belief that angry rap and metal by artists like Eminem and Marilyn Manson could incite violent behaviour.	1	1	0	science-technology
In the immediate aftermath of the Columbine High School, for instance, there were reports that linked Manson's music to the two killers, although it later proved to be false.	1	0	0	science-technology
Genevieve Dingle and her colleagues deliberately antagonised people by asking them to talk about an event involving a friend or a colleague that made them angry before allowing them to listen to hardcore metal music.	1	0	0	science-technology
Ziv's research would instead suggest that "easy listening" tunes carry the most danger.	1	0	0	science-technology
She asked a group of volunteers to listen to a fictional radio advert for a website that claimed to be able to create false documents so people can receive a higher pension.	1	0	0	science-technology
People who listened to chirpy background music tended to be more accepting of unethical, cheating behaviour	1	0	0	science-technology
Similarly, a separate group were asked to listen to another advert describing how participants could cheat on a seminar paper for college using a website.	1	0	0	science-technology
Again, half of those who listened to the advert also heard James Brown's I Got You (I Feel Good) playing in the background.	0	0	0	science-technology
In some instances the participants even reported seeing it in a positive light.	0	0	1	science-technology
Gently callous	1	0	0	science-technology
Another set of studies, published in the journal Psychology of Music, pushed the participants further – by asking them to be callous to another human being.	1	0	0	science-technology
Some heard James Brown's famous hit, others were played a Spanish dance hit called Suavemente by singer Elvis Crespo and a control group heard no music at all.	0	0	0	science-technology
While the music was still playing, the researchers asked some of the participants to call a female student who needed to take part in the study to earn credits to complete her course, and tell her she could no longer participate.	1	0	0	science-technology
The researchers simply said: "I don't feel like seeing her."	0	0	0	science-technology
Another group were asked to tell a student who had missed the past semester due to a sickness that they couldn't have the course material she had been promised after all.	1	0	0	science-technology
The majority of those who did not listen to music refused the request, which is hardly surprising: who wants to do someone else's dirty work, especially when it is will harm another person's chances of completing their studies?	1	0	0	science-technology
Yet Ziv found that in the first test, 65% of those who had music in the background when asked for the favour agreed to do what the researchers asked.	0	0	0	science-technology
In the second test, 82% of the group asked with music agreed.	0	0	0	science-technology
"It was quite shocking," says Ziv.	1	0	0	science-technology
"They were being asked to do something that involved hurting someone else and many of them said they would do it."	1	0	0	science-technology
Whole teams of people think about what music to play in shopping malls and adverts to set the right atmosphere	0	0	0	science-technology
So what is going on when people listen to James Brown's unrelentingly upbeat track?	0	0	0	science-technology
Ziv thinks the answer lies in what happens to our personality when we are happy.	0	0	0	science-technology
Depressed people tend to be more analytical and are persuaded less easily.	1	0	0	science-technology
Rhythmic sounds, for example, can coordinate the behaviour and thinking of a group of people.	0	0	0	science-technology
Annett Schirmer, a neuroscientist at the University of Singapore, has found that playing a rhythm on a drum can cause brainwaves to synchronise with the beat.	0	0	0	science-technology
"The rhythm entrains all individuals in a group so that their thinking and behaving becomes temporally aligned," suggests Schirmer.	0	1	0	science-technology
"In the real world, I think it can go to extremes," she said.	1	0	0	science-technology
It is a disturbing thought.	1	0	0	science-technology
She points to football fan violence and the role that team songs can play in that, for instance.	1	0	0	science-technology
"Music can create a feeling of group cohesion and agreement," she says.	0	0	1	science-technology
This leads to something called groupthink, where there can be a deterioration in moral judgement."	1	0	0	science-technology
It may also change the way you vote, she things.	0	0	0	science-technology
He points to other examples in history like where the Nazis broadcast swing music on the radio to get more youngsters to tune into the propaganda messages that accompanied it.	1	0	0	science-technology
Ziv is currently conducting research on how patriotic music and national anthems can increase racist attitudes and antagonism towards others.	1	0	0	science-technology
She is finding that listening to songs that praise the bravery of Israeli soldiers caused Israeli participants to become more hostile towards non-Israelis and Palestinians, for instance.	1	0	0	science-technology
Clearly music is just one of many factors subtly influencing our behaviour.	0	0	0	science-technology
But they are worth considering the next time your favourite tune hits the radio.	0	0	0	science-technology
Join 800,000+ Future fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn and Instagram	0	0	0	science-technology
If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called "If You Only Read 6 Things This Week".	0	0	0	science-technology
A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday.	0	0	0	science-technology
"The view from the Trump team is the intelligence world [is] becoming completely politicized," an inside source commented.	1	0	0	politics
The focus will be on restructuring agencies and how they interact."	0	0	0	politics
Sources close to Trump say that the new president believes that the ODNI, which was another fallout of the 9/11 attacks, has become overtly politicized, and needs to be restructured.	1	1	0	politics
The agency was established to build better communication between the different intelligence agencies and encourage more information sharing.	0	1	0	politics
However, Trump and his advisors believe it has become too 'bloated' and wieldy, according to the report.	1	0	0	politics
Democratic opponents have already criticized the proposal, saying that it will negatively impact improvements made within the intelligence agencies since 9/11.	1	0	0	politics
Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, said the ODNI "has played a crucial role in coordinating and integrating intelligence and breaking down stove-pipes."	1	1	1	politics
"Any move to arbitrarily slash the office will diminish its effectiveness and reverse many of the important gains we had made since 9/11."	1	0	0	politics
Schiff claimed in a statement.	0	0	0	politics
"Moreover, to propose changing the CIA's operational structure because of loose allegations of politicization – claims based on nothing more than the Agency's willingness to contradict the President-elect's preferred version of events – would be a mistake of the highest order," he said.	1	0	0	politics
Schiff failed to mention the fact that the CIA has a long and storied history of lies, meddling in domestic and foreign politics, and manipulation of global events to suit its own agenda, including carrying out and aiding political assassinations and military coups.	1	0	0	politics
It is also believed that the State Department simultaneously wanted the CIA to be stripped of its capacity to engage in covert activities and to be renamed.	1	1	0	politics
According to author Peter Kornbluh, in his book Bay of Pigs Declassified, the primary reason this did not happen was due to the CIA's then-director, John McCone, literally burning most of the copies of a damning report on the Bay of Pigs by the agency's own inspector general.	1	0	0	politics
JFK was assassinated, many believe at the behest of CIA insiders who held a grudge over the Bay of Pigs, and knew Kennedy was planning to shatter the agency.	1	0	0	politics
Following JFK's death, Former President Harry Truman penned an op ed which stated "I never had any thought that when I set up the CIA that it would be injected into peacetime cloak and dagger operations.	1	0	0	politics
... I, therefore, would like to see the CIA be restored to its original assignment as the intelligence arm of the president ... and that its operational duties be terminated or properly used elsewhere."	0	1	0	politics
Trump is thus following in the footsteps of the two most respected Presidents of the modern era in seeking to restore the CIA to its intended position.	0	1	0	politics
In a tweet sent out Wednesday, the president-elect expressed solidarity with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange's assertion that the DNC email released by WikiLeaks were not obtained by Russia or indeed any state actor.	1	1	0	politics
Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" – why was DNC so careless?	1	0	0	politics
A total double standard!	1	0	0	politics
Be sure to get your improved boost of zinc and pregnenolone today with The Real Red Pill Plus now at 50% off!	0	1	0	politics
"We have people in there who are considering not continuing on with really strong asylum claims," she said stopping to catch her breath as the emotion breaks through, "because they think that maybe they will get reunified with their kids faster if they give up their claim.	1	1	0	immigration
That's just wrong."	1	0	0	immigration
As mothers and fathers wait in the secured, remote detention center amid the chaos of the Trump administration's "zero-tolerance" policy that led to forced separations of children from their parents, attorneys like Sheboya and others have been thrust into doing the detective work of helping the parents learn the whereabouts of their children and giving parents hope that they will be reunited.	1	1	0	immigration
Shebaya, senior staff attorney for Muslim Advocates whose work often overlaps with immigration, said she didn't think the immigration system was necessarily fair and just in the Obama years, but she had "never seen anything like this."	1	0	0	immigration
"The immigration system has been harsh and enforced in a manner that lacks compassion, but I've never seen a volume of people who are punitively separated from their children for no reason," she said.	1	0	0	immigration
After the visit, she told reporters stationed outside the center that officials of Immigration and Customs Enforcement told her that the center isn't where parents and children will come together as federal officials have said.	1	0	0	immigration
"The [immigration] officials made clear this is not a reunification center.	1	0	0	immigration
There will be no children brought here.	0	0	0	immigration
There will be no families brought together in this place," Warren said.	1	0	0	immigration
"All that's happening here is the detention of mothers and fathers who lost their children."	1	0	0	immigration
Dolores Huerta on immigration: This surpasses anything we've seen before	0	0	0	immigration
June 24, 2018 / 06:09	0	0	0	immigration
The Department of Homeland Security said late Saturday in a "fact sheet" that it has a well-coordinated process of reuniting families.	0	1	1	immigration
But by Sunday, Trump was calling for all migrants to be deported without trial.	1	0	0	immigration
Warren said no officials at the detention center could articulate a plan for reunifying families.	1	0	0	immigration
"The ICE officials that we saw speculated that each of these parents would be released at some point and that the children, wherever they are, would be sent to that place individually ... one at a time, wherever that parent has been released to," she said.	0	1	0	immigration
The official said the reunifications at Port Isabel were already happening and would continue going forward, but did not have numbers on how many had already happened.	0	1	0	immigration
As for parents who choose to continue fighting claims for asylum or other types of immigration relief, reunification will depend on if the parent remains in detention, the official said.	1	1	0	immigration
If a parent remains in detention throughout their case, the children will remain in the custody of the Department of Health and Human Services, according to the official.	1	0	0	immigration
Parents who are released into a monitored supervision program are allowed to apply to sponsor their own children, the official said.	0	1	0	immigration
But on Sunday, a Texas charity that houses migrants said that 32 parents who were separated from their children were released into their care and they do not know where their children are or when they will be reunified.	1	1	0	immigration
"We do not know exactly the people who are coming to us.	1	0	0	immigration
We do not know where their children are," Taylor Levy, legal coordinator at the Annunciation House said at a news conference.	1	0	0	immigration
Rubén Garcia, the group's director, said he was told the parents are only being given a 1-800 number to call and try to find and speak with their children.	1	0	0	immigration
Annunciation House is providing shelter and legal services for the parents.	0	0	0	immigration
Levy added that sometimes parents are on hold for more than an hour after calling that number and are told it will take days to speak with their child, if someone answers the phone at all.	1	0	0	immigration
"Even when we get these people, there's no magic bullet that we'll be able to do to figure out where their children are instantly," she said.	1	0	0	immigration
Attorneys have become a lifeline for migrants in detention, responding as would clergy to a disaster or tragedy, as the legal labyrinth of immigration has become more complicated.	1	1	1	immigration
Although many are accustomed to the immigration system's complexities, attorneys are finding the situation created by the Trump "zero-tolerance" prosecutions full of never-before-seen hurdles and restrictions that hamper their access to children and parents and are making their work to ensure those with valid asylum and other claims get to stay more difficult.	1	0	0	immigration
Ali Rahnama, an immigration attorney from Washington who works on public policy and high impact litigation, said he woke up last Monday and felt he needed to be on the border.	0	0	0	immigration
Rahnama said he and other attorneys expected ICE would have access to a database that would have information on where each child is, but no such database seems to exist.	1	0	0	immigration
An immigrant from Iran, Rahnama said he came alone to the U.S. and it was not easy to immigrate here, but he said he feels fortunate he is not going through what the migrant parents he has interviewed are going through.	1	1	0	immigration
"We have men and women saying, 'My 5- and 6-year-old was holding my leg and was taken away,'" said Rahnama, who visited parents and guardians being held in the Port Isabel Detention Center.	1	0	0	immigration
"They go to court and are told their child will be there when they come back, and they come back and there is no child," he said.	1	0	0	immigration
The facility is obscured by foliage and can't be seen until about halfway up the road leading to it, where officers stand guard, stopping journalists and others without prior permission to enter.	1	0	0	immigration
Families who have appointments to visit with people in the detention center drive in and out.	0	0	0	immigration
Warren said the complex "feels like a prison."	1	0	0	immigration
It is surrounded by concertina wire and double fenced with the immigrants kept under lock and key.	1	0	0	immigration
She said she encountered several women who had been sexually assaulted, but even then they were more focused in the interviews on finding out about their children than on relaying their trauma.	1	0	0	immigration
"They are breaking down and saying, 'Where's my kid?'"	1	0	0	immigration
Calderon said.	0	0	0	immigration
Warren said she spoke to nine mothers and none knew the whereabouts of their children or had spoken to them.	1	0	0	immigration
"They are crying, they are weeping," she said.	1	0	0	immigration
"They have said they will do anything ... just, please, let them have their babies back."	1	1	0	immigration
The attorneys were uncertain whether the calls to their children were free.	1	0	0	immigration
The case of a 15-year-old boy who ran away from a shelter in Brownsville was not likely to ease fears of parents who have yet to connect with their kids.	1	0	0	immigration
A source with direct knowledge of the situation told NBC News the child ran away from Casa Padre in Brownsville, Texas, run by Southwest Key.	1	0	0	immigration
The shelter had been in conversation with the man he calls his father, but there had been a discrepancy in a DNA test.	1	0	0	immigration
Before things could be sorted out, the child left and is now in Mexico, according to the source.	1	0	0	immigration
The source said Southwest Key has 19,849 children in its care – of that number, 42 have left.	0	0	0	immigration
The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) did not return NBC News' request for comment.	0	0	0	immigration
Southwest Key said in a statement that it is a child care center and not a detention center.	0	0	0	immigration
"If a child attempts to leave any of our facilities, we cannot restrain them," Southwest Key stated.	1	0	0	immigration
"We talk to them and try to get them to stay.	0	0	0	immigration
If they leave the property, we call law enforcement.	1	0	0	immigration
DHS said late Saturday that some of the more than 2,000 children – about 522– have been reunited with parents.	0	1	1	immigration
Sometimes it's not just children who attorneys have to locate, but some of the parents as well.	1	0	0	immigration
Efrén Olivares of the Texas Civil Rights Project can no longer find three clients who were part of a group of five parents who complained in a petition filed with the Inter-American Human Rights Commission, part of the Organization of American States, about the child separations.	1	0	0	immigration
"They were either released to the U.S. with notice to appear (at a court at a later date) or were deported.	1	0	0	immigration
We gave them a number and asked them to contact us if they were released," Olivares said.	0	0	0	immigration
"We have not heard from them."	1	0	0	immigration
Arpaio said DACA recipients have education in the U.S. and can be "good ambassadors from the United States to their country."	0	1	1	immigration
"That's just my idea," he said during the interview.	0	0	0	immigration
Arpaio, 85, earlier this week announced he will run for Senate in Arizona.	0	0	0	immigration
Last year, President Trump pardoned Arpaio after he was convicted of ignoring a court order related to racial profiling in his division.	1	1	0	immigration
His comments on DACA come after Trump held a meeting in the White House Cabinet Room on Tuesday with lawmakers from both parties.	0	0	0	immigration
During the meeting, Trump stunned Republicans and Democrats alike by offering support for a comprehensive immigration deal.	0	1	0	immigration
Trump is seeking a deal that would allow young immigrants brought to the U.S. illegally as children and now covered by DACA to stay in the country.	1	1	0	immigration
He is also seeking border security measures, changes to family-based migration, in which extended family members of legal immigrants are allowed into the country, and changes to the visa lottery program.	0	1	0	immigration
Trump announced last year that he was rescinding DACA with a six-month delay so Congress could pass legislation.	1	1	0	immigration
A federal judge in San Francisco on Tuesday temporarily blocked Trump's action, however.	1	0	0	immigration
Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to flood the nation's capital on Saturday for the "March for Our Lives" to support tougher gun controls and protest Congress's refusal to consider them.	1	1	0	politics
Students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., organized and inspired the event after a gunman killed 17 of their classmates and members of the school faculty on Valentine's Day.	1	1	0	politics
The killings re-energized the movement for gun control, creating activists out of young student survivors who have harnessed the power of social media to bring global attention to their cause.	1	1	0	politics
"We students have become victims of our government's glaring inaction, but never again," Demitri Hoth, a senior at Stoneman Douglas, said Friday at the Capitol.	1	0	0	politics
"Never again will our voices – students' voices – be shunned into silence."	1	0	0	politics
The young advocates have a tough road ahead, facing fierce resistance from a Republican-led Congress and the powerful National Rifle Association (NRA), both of which have resisted tougher gun laws for years.	1	0	0	politics
While the Florida killings had prompted Trump to sound early calls for new gun limits, there was little appetite for such reforms among GOP leaders on Capitol Hill.	1	1	0	politics
Saturday's march is designed to keep the movement's momentum from petering out.	1	1	0	politics
"I don't think these students are going to take no for an answer," Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) said Friday.	0	0	0	politics
But gun reformers in and out of Congress say it's not enough.	1	0	0	politics
"Those are baby steps," said Shannon Watts, founder of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America.	0	1	0	politics
"It's not even nibbling around the edges, what they did," said Rep. Mike Thompson (D-Calif.), who heads the Democrats' gun-violence prevention task force.	1	0	0	politics
"Students are stepping up to the NRA because our elected officials are afraid to," Antiqua Flint, a 15-year-old high school student from Minneapolis said Friday during a press briefing outside the Capitol.	1	1	0	politics
"The solution to violence is not more guns.	1	0	0	politics
We need to pass sensible laws to keep guns out of dangerous hands."	1	1	0	politics
Supporters of gun control hope their march on Saturday will lend new force behind their cause.	0	1	0	politics
In a press conference this week, D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser said the event is scheduled to take place on Pennsylvania Avenue in the Northwest part of the city between 3rd Street and 12th Street from noon to 3 p.m.	0	0	0	politics
It will end a few blocks shy of the White House.	0	0	0	politics
Pop stars Ariana Grande, Miley Cyrus, Demi Lovato, Common, Jennifer Hudson, Vic Mensa and Andra Day are all scheduled to take the stage.	0	0	0	politics
Broadway star Ben Platt and "Hamilton" creator Lin-Manuel Miranda are also expected to perform.	0	0	0	politics
Watts said that over 800 "sibling marches" are planned around the world.	0	0	0	politics
Rep. Ted Deutch, a Florida Democrat who represents Parkland, said the march "will remind people that universal background checks, that have the support of over 90 percent of the American people, need to have a vote on the floor of the House and Senate."	1	1	0	politics
"This is the defining issue for them and their generation," he added, referring to the student protesters.	1	0	0	politics
"This is not a march that they're going to participate in and then go back to their regular lives."	0	0	0	politics
If Congress doesn't take action this year, organizers also hope their efforts will result in change at the ballot box – where gun rights supporters have seemed to have more muscle than those on the other side of the divide.	1	1	0	politics
Watts said Saturday's march marks the beginning of a months-long push leading up to the midterm elections to educate voters about where their lawmakers at the local, state and federal levels stand on gun control.	0	1	0	politics
The black clergymen who had been summoned to Harlem's Mount Olivet Baptist Church for an emergency meeting on the morning of Monday 10 September 1906, arrived in a state of outrage.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The man who was caged in a zoo	1	0	0	arts-culture
Read more	0	0	0	politics
In anticipation of larger crowds after the publicity in the New York Times, Benga was moved from a smaller chimpanzee cage to one far larger, to make him more visible to spectators.	0	1	0	arts-culture
He was also joined by an orangutan called Dohang.	0	0	0	arts-culture
While crowds massed to leer at him, the boyish Benga, who was said to be 23 but appeared far younger, sat silently on a stool, staring – sometimes glaring – through the bars.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The exhibition of a visibly shaken African with apes in the New York Zoological Gardens, four decades after the end of slavery in America, would highlight the precarious status of black people in the nation's imperial city.	1	0	0	arts-culture
It pitted the "coloured" ministers, and a few elite allies, against a wall of white indifference, as New York's newspapers, scientists, public officials, and ordinary citizens revelled in the spectacle.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Nearly all of them headed directly to the primate house to see Ota Benga.	0	0	0	arts-culture
His captivity garnered national and global headlines – most of them inured to his plight.	1	0	0	arts-culture
For the clergymen, the sight of one of their own housed with monkeys was startling evidence that in the eyes of their fellow Americans, their lives didn't matter.	1	0	0	arts-culture
A sign outside the cage read:	0	0	0	arts-culture
The African Pygmy, Ota Benga	0	0	0	arts-culture
Age, 23 years.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Height, 4 feet 11 inches.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Weight 103 pound.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Brought from the Kasai River,	0	0	0	arts-culture
Congo Free State, South Central Africa,	0	0	0	arts-culture
By Dr Samuel P Verner.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Exhibited each afternoon during September	0	0	0	arts-culture
The ministers' attempts to communicate with Ota Benga failed but his palpable sadness and the sign stoked their indignation.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"We are frank enough to say we do not like this exhibition of one of our own race with the monkeys," Gordon fumed.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"Our race, we think, is depressed enough, without exhibiting one of us with apes.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"I am giving the exhibition purely as an ethnological exhibit," he said.	0	0	0	arts-culture
The display, he insisted, was in keeping with the practice of "human exhibitions" of Africans in Europe, breezily evoking the continent's indisputable status as the world's paragon of culture and civilisation.	0	0	1	arts-culture
But Hornaday was not some rogue operator.	1	0	0	arts-culture
As the nation's foremost zoologist – and a close acquaintance of President Theodore Roosevelt – Hornaday had the full backing of two of the most influential members of the Zoological Society, both prominent figures in the city's establishment.	0	0	1	arts-culture
The first, Henry Fairfield Osborn, had played a lead role in the founding of the zoo and was one of the era's most noted paleontologists.	0	0	1	arts-culture
(He would later achieve fame for naming Tyrannosaurus rex.)	0	0	1	arts-culture
The second, Madison Grant, was the secretary of the Zoological Society and a high-society lawyer from a prominent New York family.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Grant had personally helped negotiate the arrangement to take Ota Benga.	0	0	0	arts-culture
The clergymen had no success at the zoo, and left the park vowing to take up the matter the next day with the city's mayor.	1	0	0	arts-culture
But their complaint did catch the attention of the New York Times, whose editors were dismayed that anyone might protest against the display.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"We do not quite understand all the emotion which others are expressing in the matter," the paper said in an unsigned editorial.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"Ota Benga, according to our information, is a normal specimen of his race or tribe, with a brain as much developed as are those of its other members.	0	0	0	arts-culture
This view had, after all, been espoused by generations of leading intellectuals.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Two years before Ota Benga arrived in New York, Daniel Brinton, a professor of linguistics and archaeology at the University of Pennsylvania, had used his farewell address as president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science to attack claims that education and opportunity accounted for varying levels of achievement among the races.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"The black, the brown, and the red races differ anatomically so much from the white, especially in their splanchnic organs, that even with equal cerebral capacity they never could rival its results by equal efforts," he said.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The dominant force of these ideas – embedded in science, history, government policies, and popular culture – would render Benga's discomfort and humiliation in a monkey-house cage incomprehensible to the vast majority of those who witnessed it.	1	0	0	arts-culture
But what appears on the surface to be a saga of one man's degradation – a shameful spectacle – is, on closer inspection, the story of an era, of science, of elite men and institutions, and of racial ideologies that still endure today.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Worse yet, Benga left no written account of his own life – and others have since filled the gap with denials, conspiratorial silence, half-truths, and even flagrant deception.	1	0	0	arts-culture
But it is possible to return to the archives – to letters, anthropological field notes, and contemporaneous accounts – and to reconstruct the real circumstances by which Ota Benga, before the age of adulthood, was stolen from his home in central Africa and brought to New York City for the amusement, and education, of its residents.	1	1	0	arts-culture
"The public," he insisted, "is the only beneficiary."	0	0	1	arts-culture
Verner further claimed that Benga was there of his own volition: "He is absolutely free … The only restriction that is put upon him is to prevent him from getting away from the keepers.	1	1	1	arts-culture
If there is a notice on the cage, it is only put there to avoid answering the many questions that are asked about him."	0	1	0	arts-culture
Verner said that he regretted if any feelings had been hurt – but his only concession was to assure the reporter, in an apparent nod to Christian sensitivities, that care would be taken not to exhibit Benga on Sundays.	1	1	0	arts-culture
But he would first have to secure Benga's release.	1	1	0	arts-culture
On Wednesday morning, the ministers headed to city hall to meet New York's erudite mayor, George Brinton McClellan, who also served as an ex-officio member of the Zoological Society.	0	0	0	arts-culture
The clergymen had planned to appeal for Benga's immediate release, but they did not get past the reception area; the mayor's secretary said he was too busy to meet them.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"Certainly the mayor, the executive head of the city, may put a stop to an indecent exhibit," Gordon complained to a reporter.	1	1	0	arts-culture
The ministers were told to see Madison Grant, the secretary of the Zoological Society, but at his Wall Street law office, he was similarly unhelpful.	1	0	0	arts-culture
He told them that Benga would be at the zoo for only a short time, and that Verner would soon take him to Europe.	0	1	0	arts-culture
"The crowd seemed to annoy the dwarf," the New York Times reported in an article published the following day.	1	0	0	arts-culture
By this point, Gordon had sought the assistance of Wilford H Smith, who had recently been the first black lawyer to successfully argue a case before the US supreme court.	0	1	1	arts-culture
The combination of Smith's stature, Milholland's financial backing, and the threat of a lawsuit undoubtedly got the attention of the Zoological Society's officials.	1	1	0	arts-culture
But spectators continued to flock to the monkey house, hoping to steal a glimpse of the "pygmy".	1	0	0	arts-culture
Horror and hope: paintings from the Zaïre popular school – in pictures	0	0	0	arts-culture
Read more	0	0	0	politics
The story of Ota Benga's captivity at the Bronx Zoo began in 1903, when Verner – an avowed white supremacist from a prominent South Carolina family – heard about plans for the 1904 World's Fair in St Louis.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The fair's organisers hoped to celebrate American imperialism, and map human progress "from the dark prime to the highest enlightenment, from savagery to civic organisation, from egoism to altruism".	1	1	0	arts-culture
William John McGee – the president of the newly formed American Anthropological Association, who had been hired to head the fair's ethnology department – issued a call for African "pygmies", who were believed to represent the lowest rung on the evolutionary scale.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Verner wrote to McGee to offer his services.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Since then, Verner told McGee, he had written extensively on scientific matters in Africa, noting his articles on "pygmies" published in the Spectator and the Atlantic Monthly.	0	0	1	arts-culture
In a deal finalised in October 1903, Verner was commissioned as a "special agent" by the Louisiana Purchase Exposition Company, charged with conducting an expedition into the African interior to obtain anthropological material and offer "certain natives the opportunity of attending the Exposition in person".	0	1	0	arts-culture
The exacting list called for the retrieval from Congo of "one pygmy patriarch or chief.	0	0	0	arts-culture
One adult woman, preferably his wife.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Two infants, of women in the expedition," and "four more pygmies, preferably adult but young, but including a priestess and a priest, or medicine doctors, preferably old."	0	0	0	arts-culture
McGee stipulated that Verner must secure the voluntary attendance of the delegation and return them safely to their homes and obtain all permissions and the support of King Leopold II.	0	1	0	arts-culture
A total of $8,500 was allocated, including $500 for Verner's compensation and an additional $1,500 set aside for unforeseen contingencies.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Verner proposed taking a navy warship or gunboat to Congo to "greatly lighten enferences" – a proposition that apparently failed to alarm the fair's officials.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Instead, he received official letters of recommendation signed by McGee as president of the American Anthropological Association and acting president of the National Geographic Society.	0	0	1	arts-culture
In late November 1903, Special Agent Verner set sail from New York harbour.	0	0	0	arts-culture
En route to Africa, Verner wrote to McGee to announce that King Leopold was "so much interested" that he would attend the fair himself, and assured McGee that the cooperation of the so-called pygmies was even more likely now that he had acquired "a more considerable equipment than I at first contemplated," an apparent reference to the military supplies he had purchased in London.	0	1	0	arts-culture
McGee replied: "As you are now placed, you are a law unto yourself and I have implicit confidence in the competence of the court."	0	0	0	arts-culture
The letter implicitly sanctioned whatever was necessary for Verner to do to carry out his mission.	0	1	1	arts-culture
"The first pygmy has been secured!" he exclaimed on March 20 1904, the day Ota Benga's life would radically change.	0	0	1	arts-culture
Verner told McGee that Ota Benga was obtained from a village where he had been held captive, at a remote site in the forest "twelve days march from any white settlement".	1	0	0	arts-culture
And while it is possible that Verner went alone into a remote location in search of his prey, the area, Bassongo, was the site of a well-known slave market and government post where human trafficking was pervasive.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Later, retelling the tale of Benga's capture in a Harper's Weekly article, Verner said that when he found Benga, he was held captive by the Bashilele, who he claimed were cannibals.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"He was delighted to come with us," wrote Verner, "for he was many miles from his people, and the Bashilele were not easy masters."	1	1	1	arts-culture
However, he told the Columbus Dispatch that he was waiting for a ship to come in when he ventured a short distance and spotted Ota Benga, along with a few members of his tribe.	0	0	0	arts-culture
In this contradictory retelling, he said he made arrangements with a chief to take Benga with him.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"He was willing and even anxious to go with me, for the memory of his awful escape from the hungry cannibals had not been forgotten by him."	1	1	0	arts-culture
In yet another account, he wrote that Benga had been captured in war by enemies of his tribe who were in turn defeated by government troops, who then held Benga.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The only consistent themes were the alleged threat of cannibals and Verner's role as Benga's saviour.	1	1	0	arts-culture
But even without knowing the specific details of their meeting, we can safely assume that Benga was hunted down by Verner.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The British consul Roger Casement's recent inquiry in Congo had confirmed many earlier reports of mass atrocities under Leopold's rule, including widespread enslavement, murder, and mutilation.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Men came to Casement with missing hands, as the African American missionary William Sheppard and others had previously documented.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Some claimed that they had been castrated or otherwise mutilated by government soldiers and sometimes by white state officials.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The widespread and wanton practice of mutilation "is amply proved by the Kodak", said Casement who submitted photographs of at least two dozen mutilated victims.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Most observers during this period noted the common sight of Congolese chained by their necks and forced to work for the state.	1	0	0	arts-culture
While Benga's personal experience in Congo was not recorded, the incursions deeper into the forest for rubber and ivory would, for his forest-dwelling people, mean greater exposure and vulnerability to state abuses.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Casement's report was submitted to the British crown around the time Benga and Verner met.	0	0	0	arts-culture
The report brought overnight fame to Casement, and international scrutiny to Leopold, who set up a commission comprising a Swiss jurist, a Belgian appellate judge, and a Belgian baron, to investigate the allegations.	1	1	0	arts-culture
But none of the revelations would spare Benga who was now securely in Verner's net.	1	0	0	arts-culture
McGee praised Verner's efforts.	0	0	1	arts-culture
"The more I have reflected on the distances and other difficulties you have had to overcome, the more have I been impressed with the clearness of your foresight and the soundness of your plans," he wrote.	1	1	1	arts-culture
McGee reported that plans for the fair were proceeding well.	0	0	1	arts-culture
The University of Chicago's Professor Frederick Starr had arrived with nine indigenous Ainu people from Japan.	0	0	0	arts-culture
The Patagonians were on a boat from Liverpool, and 300 natives "including Igorottes and Negrito pygmies" had arrived the preceding Monday.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Four hundred more were en route from San Francisco.	0	0	0	arts-culture
But the African "pygmies" – a term once associated with monkeys – were to be the signal attraction, and with the fair a month away and Verner a month behind his deadline, McGee cared only that Verner complete his mission successfully.	1	1	0	arts-culture
Verner later recalled that the old men shook their heads gravely, the women howled through the night, and the medicine men "violently opposed" his scheme to take some of their people to America.	1	0	0	arts-culture
He later said more than 20 males in all promised to accompany him, but more than half of them "subsequently gave way to their fears".	1	0	0	arts-culture
Most of the "Batwa" ran away "but we succeeded in keeping some to their promise."	1	1	1	arts-culture
On the morning of 11 May, Verner, accompanied by Ota Benga and a band of eight other young males of undetermined ages, boarded a steamer for the long journey down the Kasai River to Leopoldville and the mouth of the Congo.	0	0	0	arts-culture
The delegation arrived in New Orleans on 25 June.	0	0	0	arts-culture
According to the ship's passenger list, the youngest boy, Bomushubba, was only 12, followed by Lumbaugu, who was said to be 14.	0	0	0	arts-culture
"Otabenga" – the name Verner used privately with Benga – was said to be 17 – significantly younger than Verner would later claim.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Soon, the newspapers would mock the exhibited Africans with one offensive headline after another: "Pygmies Demand a Monkey Diet: Gentlemen from South Africa at the Fair Likely to Prove Troublesome in Matter of Food" and "Pygmies Scorn Cash; Demand Watermelons".	1	0	0	arts-culture
Instead, he disembarked in New Orleans on a stretcher and was transported to a sanatorium.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Some people suspected sunstroke.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Casement, who happened to be on the same ship heading to America, observed that many thought Verner was "cracked".	1	0	0	arts-culture
McGee dispatched someone to escort Benga and Verner's other captured "pygmies" from New Orleans to St Louis.	1	1	0	arts-culture
In another published in the St. Louis Post Dispatch, he claimed Ota Benga was a cannibal – "the only genuine cannibal in America today".	1	0	0	arts-culture
On the fairgrounds the delegation was pinched, prodded and poked while their pet parrots and monkeys were taunted and burned with cigars.	1	0	0	arts-culture
As the temperatures dropped, they were also subjected to the frigid fairgrounds without adequate clothing or shelter.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Now, two years later, having been deposited by Verner in New York, Benga was once again subjected to the raucous clamour of spectators and a callous disregard for his humanity.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Hornaday, ever the showman, eagerly fielded requests for photographs and interviews from around the US and the world.	0	0	0	arts-culture
On Thursday 13 September, the New York Times published a letter written by one Dr MS Gabriel, who said he had seen Benga at the zoo and found the objections to the exhibit "absurd".	1	0	0	arts-culture
It was a pity, he said, that Hornaday did not give lectures related to such exhibits.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"This would emphasise the scientific character of the service, enhance immeasurably the usefulness of the Zoological Park to our public in general, and help our clergymen to familiarise themselves with the scientific point of view so absolutely foreign to many of them."	0	1	1	arts-culture
Hornaday saved the clippings and proudly shared them with his friend, the paleontologist Osborn.	0	0	0	arts-culture
"The enclosed clippings are excellent," Osborn replied.	0	0	1	arts-culture
"Benga is certainly making his way successfully as a sensation."	0	0	1	arts-culture
By Sunday 16 September, a week after his debut, Benga was no longer in the cage, but roamed the park under the watchful eye of park rangers.	0	1	0	arts-culture
That day a record 40,000 people visited the zoo.	0	0	1	arts-culture
Wherever Benga went, hordes followed in hot pursuit.	0	0	0	arts-culture
The rowdy crowd chased Benga, and when he was cornered, some people poked him in the ribs or tripped him, while others merely laughed at the sight of a frightened "pygmy".	1	0	0	arts-culture
In self-defence, Benga struck several visitors, and it took three men to get him back to the monkey house.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Hornaday wrote to Verner on Monday 17 September, to complain.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"I regret to say that Ota Benga has become quite unmanageable," he said.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"He has been so fully exploited in the newspapers, and so much in the public eye, it is quite inadvisable for us to punish him; for should we do so, we would immediately be accused of cruelty, coercion, etc., etc.	1	0	0	arts-culture
I am sure you will appreciate this point."	0	0	0	arts-culture
Hornaday complained that "the boy does quite as he pleases, and it is utterly impossible to control him".	1	0	0	arts-culture
He expressed dismay that Benga threatened to bite the keepers whenever they tried to bring him back to the monkey house.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Hornaday's star attraction was turning into a liability.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Across the country, newspaper headlines revelled in Benga's plight.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The Chicago Tribune joined the banter under the headline: "Tiny Savage Sees New York; Sneers".	1	0	0	arts-culture
Three thousand miles away, the Los Angeles Times covered the sensation on Sunday 23 September, under the headline: "Genuine Pigymy Is Ota Banga: Can Talk with Orangoutang in New York."	0	0	0	arts-culture
Another self-described "African explorer", John F Vane-Tempest, published an article in the New York Times, disputing the zoo's classification of Benga as a "pygmy".	1	0	0	arts-culture
According to Vane-Tempest, Benga had professed great satisfaction with his captivity.	1	0	1	arts-culture
"He liked the white man's country, where he was treated as a King, had a cozy room, a splendid room in a palace full of monkeys, and enjoyed all the comforts of home except a few wives."	0	0	1	arts-culture
This preposterous account was nevertheless presented as a straightforward news story.	1	0	0	arts-culture
In this midst of this free-for-all, Reverend Matthew Gilbert, of Mount Olivet Baptist Church, wrote to the New York Times to report that the spectacle of Benga's captivity had ignited the outrage of African-Americans across the US.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"Only prejudice against the negro race made such a thing possible in this country," Gilbert said.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"I have had occasion to travel abroad, and I am confident that such a thing would not have been tolerated a day in any other civilised country."	1	0	0	arts-culture
He enclosed a sober statement from a committee of the Ministers' Union of Charlotte, North Carolina, that read: "We regard the actors or authorities in this most reprehensible conduct as offering an unpardonable insult to humanity, and especially to the religion of our Lord Jesus Christ."	1	0	0	arts-culture
But others were not so sure.	0	0	0	arts-culture
The Minneapolis Journal published a photograph of Benga holding a monkey, and claimed, "He is about as near an approach to the missing link as any human species yet found."	0	1	0	arts-culture
On 26 September, with protests mounting, the city controller's office sent an official to investigate a report that the zookeepers were accepting payments to permit visitors to enter Benga's sleeping quarters.	1	1	0	arts-culture
The unnamed inspector visited Benga, whom he found clad in a khaki suit and a soft gray cap.	0	0	0	arts-culture
He noted Benga's "boyish appearance" and described him as an African native who park visitors believed was "some sort of a wild man who can understand monkey talk."	0	0	0	arts-culture
He concluded: "Without attempting to discuss the intellectual accomplishments or demerits of the gentleman, it may be stated that to the unscientific mind this native of Darkest Africa does not materially differ in outward appearance at least from some of the natives of darkest New York."	0	0	0	arts-culture
He also was sceptical about claims that Benga's intellect was stunted and that he could understand the chattering monkeys.	0	0	0	arts-culture
He said that he would be more convinced of Benga's arrested development if Benga did not speak some English, and said that if Benga could understand the monkeys, "he kept the secret well to himself."	1	1	0	arts-culture
The tide had begun to turn against Hornaday and the zoo.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Heated objections had begun to appear even in the pages of the New York Times.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Even worse, Benga was now mounting increased resistance.	1	0	0	arts-culture
When handlers tried to return him to the cage, he would bite, kick and fight his way free.	1	0	0	arts-culture
On at least one occasion he threatened caretakers with a knife he had somehow got hold of.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Hornaday was also unsettled by the unruly mobs that chased and taunted Ota Benga.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Exasperated, Hornaday attempted to reach Verner, who had inexplicably left the city.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"Without you, he is a very unruly savage."	1	0	0	arts-culture
But as much as much as he wished to unload Benga, Hornaday refused to release him to Gordon's orphanage unless Gordon promised to return him to Verner upon his return to New York.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Gordon would not agree.	1	0	0	arts-culture
In the meantime, controversy swirled around the zoo as protests picked up steam around the country.	1	0	0	arts-culture
His departure would be as calm and contained as his debut was frenetic and flamboyant.	0	0	0	arts-culture
"He looks like a rather dwarfed colored boy of unusual amiability and curiosity," Gordon said.	0	0	0	arts-culture
"Now our plan is this: We are going to treat him as a visitor.	0	0	0	arts-culture
We have given him a room to himself, where he can smoke if he chooses."	0	0	0	arts-culture
Gordon said Benga had already learned a surprising number of English words and would soon be able to express himself.	0	1	1	arts-culture
"This," he asserted, "will be the beginning of his education."	0	1	0	arts-culture
In January 1910, Ota Benga was sent to Lynchburg, Virginia – a city of nearly 30,000 people, with electric streetcars, sumptuous mansions, sycamore trees and soaring hills.	0	0	0	arts-culture
As Gordon had promised when Benga first came into his care, he was sent to the Lynchburg Theological Seminary and College, a school noted for its all-black faculty and staff, which prided itself on its fierce autonomy from the white American Baptist Home Mission.	0	0	1	arts-culture
At the time, many white patrons of black education insisted that blacks only receive an industrial education, but Lynchburg Theological continued to offer its students liberal arts courses.	1	1	0	arts-culture
Benga lived in a rambling yellow house across the road from the school with Mary Hayes Allen, the widow of the former president of the seminary, and her seven children.	0	0	0	arts-culture
In his scrappy English, Benga often regaled the boys with stories of his adventures hunting elephants – "Big, big", he would say, with outstretched arms – and recounted how he celebrated a kill with a triumphant hunting song.	0	0	1	arts-culture
Benga, in turn, had found a surrogate home and family, and would learn their customs and the contours of their binding blackness.	0	1	1	arts-culture
In their sermons and spirituals, he surely recognised a familiar sorrow.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Still, they did not know the piercing rupture of captivity – the eternity of alienation that many of their forebears had known, which Benga himself now knew.	1	0	0	arts-culture
While they were burdened and disdained in America, it was the land they had tilled and spilled blood on, the land where they created life and buried their dead.	1	1	0	arts-culture
For all the rejection, they were home.	1	1	0	arts-culture
Was his sleep troubled by nightmares of being stalked by mobs, or being caged?	1	0	0	arts-culture
Was he haunted by visions of murdered loved ones, or of starving, tortured, and chained Congolese?	1	0	0	arts-culture
Some nights, beneath a star-speckled sky, the boys recalled, they would watch Benga build a fire, and dance and sing around it.	0	0	0	arts-culture
But as he, and they, grew older, something changed.	0	0	0	arts-culture
By 1916, Benga had lost interest in their excursions to hunt and fish, and no longer seemed so eager a friend to the neighbourhood children.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Many had noticed his darkening disposition, his all-consuming longing to go home.	1	0	0	arts-culture
For hours he would sit alone in silence under a tree.	0	0	0	arts-culture
The boys had seen his ritual before, but this time they detected a profound sorrow: he seemed eerily distant, as vacant as a ghost.	1	0	0	arts-culture
That night, as they slept, Ota Benga stole into a battered grey shed across the road from his home.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Before daybreak, he picked up a gun that he had hidden there, and fired a single bullet through his own heart.	1	0	0	arts-culture
• Adapted from Spectacle: The Astonishing Life of Ota Benga, published this week (US) and 2nd July (UK) by HarperCollins.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Follow the Guardian Long Read on Twitter: @gdnlongread	0	0	0	arts-culture
• Spectacle: The Astonishing Life Ota Benga by Pamela Newkirk (HarperCollins, £16.99).	0	0	0	arts-culture
To order a copy for £12.99, go to bookshop.theguardian.com or call 0330 333 6846.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Free UK p&p over £10, online orders only.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Phone orders min. p&p of £1.99.	0	0	0	arts-culture
"Deport them," Arpaio told NPR's "Morning Edition" in an interview airing Thursday morning.	1	0	0	immigration
"When we come across these kids, or some are older than just kids," Arpaio said, "then deport them.	1	1	0	immigration
Arpaio gained popularity among immigration hardliners during his time as Maricopa County sheriff, representing the Phoenix area, proudly calling himself "America's toughest sheriff" and touting a strict approach to border security.	0	1	1	immigration
Former Arizona county Sheriff Joe Arpaio said he thinks recipients of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program should be deported.	1	0	0	immigration
You deport them back to the country they came from."	1	1	0	immigration
"It's something, but it's not a lot."	0	0	0	politics
Young activists have been blunt in speaking of their disappointment, while accusing the adults who lead the country of cowardice.	1	0	0	politics
"This march is a way to get Americans off the sidelines," she said, "but it's now on them to join this army of volunteers, who are fighting in our state houses and corporate boardrooms, to change laws and policies."	1	1	0	politics
"This march isn't the end, it's the beginning."	0	0	0	politics
The student protests have already had some immediate impact on the congressional debate.	0	1	0	politics
"We have come here today to hold accountable politicians and their disturbing inaction.	1	1	0	politics
And Trump has since backed off his initial push for significant restrictions.	1	1	0	politics
New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft flew Parkland survivors and victims' families to D.C. on the team's plane, The Boston Globe reported.	1	1	0	politics
Other celebrities have also contributed.	0	1	0	politics
The $1.3 trillion omnibus that Trump signed into law on Friday includes efforts to bolster background checks before gun sales and empower federal researchers to study gun violence as a public health issue.	1	1	0	politics
The duo donated a portion of the proceeds from their new mashup song "Found/Tonight" to the march.	0	1	0	politics
The Washington Post reported Oprah Winfrey and George and Amal Clooney each donated $500,000 to the march.	0	1	0	politics
The Tide made the field thanks to two wins in this week's SEC tournament.	0	1	1	sports
There were eight SEC teams in the tournament, second only to the ACC's nine.	0	0	1	sports
"In real life, music is used to manipulate people in all kinds of ways," explains Naomi Ziv, a psychologist at the College of Management Academic Studies in Rishon Le Zion, Israel.	1	0	0	science-technology
"Christmas music is a perfect example of happy music that can make people more compliant.	1	0	0	science-technology
"Listening to extreme music may represent a healthy way of processing anger for these listeners," said Dingle.	0	1	1	science-technology
"Music is used in politics all the time to create enthusiasm for ideas and to cultivate agreement."	0	0	0	science-technology
Jason McCoy, a musicologist at the Dallas Baptist University in Texas, agrees it's plausible, suggesting that music helps to "normalise the narrative" of otherwise immoral messages.	1	1	0	science-technology
"There has been work in the past that has shown when you are in a good mood, you agree more and process information less rigorously.	1	1	0	science-technology
"When people do things together they are more likely to agree with each other too.	0	0	0	science-technology
After listening to the music, the participants reported far more positive emotions than those who sat in silence.	0	1	1	science-technology
Half of those who listened to the advert also heard Mozart's Allegro from A Little Night Music playing in the background, while the other half had no music.	0	0	0	science-technology
Her findings may help to explain why drums play such a big role in tribal ceremonies and why armies march to the sound of a drum beat.	0	1	0	science-technology
In 2011, for instance, she found that music has the power to alter people's moral judgements.	1	0	0	science-technology
In both cases, those who listened to the advert with the background music tended to be more accepting of the unethical, cheating behaviour encouraged in the adverts.	1	0	0	science-technology
In fact, psychologists at the University of Queensland in Australia would suggest that this music may, in fact, soothe our angrier urges.	1	1	1	science-technology
It's still not clear how music might influence behaviour beyond the laboratory, though Ziv suspects the effects may be profound.	0	0	0	science-technology
McCoy's own work has examined the role that music may have played in making the messages of hate broadcast on the radio during the Rwandan genocide of 1994 seem more acceptable.	1	0	0	science-technology
There are whole teams of people who think about what music to play in shopping malls and adverts to set the right atmosphere."	0	0	0	science-technology
Certain features in the music can also play with the way our brains work.	0	0	0	science-technology
This time Ziv and her team asked them to do them a favour after completing a grammar test while listening to music in the background.	0	0	0	science-technology
To misquote James Brown's famous song: Just because you feel good, doesn't mean that you can do no wrong.	1	0	0	science-technology
What's new is number of self-soothing stories we can find that appeal to our emotions.	0	1	0	politics
Which is why we had to check it out.	0	0	0	politics
"But the thing is, as we solicit the market, we're starting to see wind and solar be competitive with natural gas and coal.	0	1	1	politics
"Our investments have to span what could be multiple governors in the governor's mansion or multiple presidents sitting in Washington, D.C.," Beam said.	0	0	0	politics
"We're past the argument on climate change," Beam said.	0	1	0	politics
And price is always going to be a very high determining factor."	0	0	0	politics
As energy issues become even more politicized, Beam said he prefers to avoid the debate altogether.	1	1	0	politics
But he should have significant support for investing in renewables: Fifty-four percent of West Virginia adults believe global warming is already happening, though a little less than half recognize that it's mostly caused by human activity.	1	1	0	politics
Chris Beam, 48, the newly minted chief executive of Appalachian Power, is looking to build solar and wind farms despite favorable new coal policies coming down from the governor's mansion and the White House.	1	1	0	politics
Coal was once the economic engine of Appalachian states like West Virginia and Kentucky, but demand has plummeted as cleaner-burning natural gas – made cheap by advancements in hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, technology – has become the go-to fuel for the utility sector.	1	1	1	politics
Coal's decline was hastened by a nosedive in demand from China, which until 2012 purchased U.S. coal at a rapid pace to fuel its booming steel industry and double-digit economic growth.	1	0	1	politics
Even a coal museum in Kentucky went solar last month, citing it as a cheaper energy source than coal.	0	0	1	politics
House Republicans have invited industry lobbyists to help rewrite rules on how agencies use science.	1	1	0	politics
In its first 100 days, the Trump administration relaxed rules on methane emissions, lifted a temporary moratorium on federal coal leasing and signed an order to review the Clean Power Plan, the sweeping Obama-era regulation to cut emissions from the utility sector.	1	1	0	politics
Last week, Duke Energy Corporation, headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, said it wants to cut coal use by one-third.	0	1	0	politics
Rather, like many deposed regents, it's now in a power-sharing coalition.	1	1	0	politics
So, what we try to do as a company is we try to look more long-term."	0	0	0	politics
Beam, a native of Wheeling, West Virginia, who has spent 27 years at Appalachian Power, said the company plans in 20- to 40-year increments – and looking out that far, the plummeting price of renewables makes solar and wind more attractive investments.	0	1	0	politics
We don't want anybody to lose sight of the coal facilities we have."	1	0	0	politics
"We're not saying we're going to walk away from that," he added.	0	0	0	politics
"They all need to be slimmed down.	1	1	0	politics
Also said Russians did not give him the info!	0	0	0	politics
Media, as usual, gave them a pass.	1	0	0	politics
President John F. Kennedy famously said he wished to "splinter the CIA into a thousand pieces and scatter it into the winds" following the debacle of the Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba.	1	1	0	politics
The report indicates that retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, Trump's nominee for security adviser, as well as Rep. Mike Pompeo (R-Ky.), Trump's pick for CIA director, are heading up the intelligence re-vamp.	0	1	0	politics
The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday that Trump is seeking to overhaul at least two major intelligence agencies, one being the CIA, and the other being the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI).	0	1	0	politics
Trump's desire to tame the CIA and its offspring is not unprecedented.	0	1	0	politics
UPDATE: Trump says the Wall St Journal report is FAKE NEWS	1	0	0	politics
As the issue of the hacking of DNC emails rumbles on, following the CIA's assertion that Russia attempted to affect the US election outcome, President-elect Donald Trump plans to 'slim down' US intelligence agencies in a restructuring effort, according to a report.	1	1	0	politics
(Neither ever returned home.)	0	0	0	arts-culture
"African Pygmies for the World's Fair" was the headline in the St Louis Post-Dispatch on 26 June.	0	0	0	arts-culture
"I make but a single plea," McGee wrote, "get the Pygmies." 	0	0	0	arts-culture
To that Verner responded: "We are not going to fail unless death comes."	0	1	0	arts-culture
In April, Verner wrote to McGee to report hostilities between state troops and the Congolese people that had compounded the difficulties he was having persuading any forest dwellers to return with him.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"I see no way out of the dilemma," he wrote, "but for him to be taken away."	1	1	0	arts-culture
That Friday, a crowd invaded the park and pursued Benga as he walked through the woods.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"If Ota Benga is in a cage," he reasoned, "he is only there to look after the animals.	0	1	0	arts-culture
"Pygmies," it continued, "are very low in the human scale, and the suggestion that Benga should be in a school instead of a cage ignores the high probability that school would be a place of torture to him ... The idea that men are all much alike except as they have had or lacked opportunities for getting an education of books is now far out of date."	1	0	0	arts-culture
In the sober opinion of progressive men of science, Benga's exhibition on the hallowed grounds of the New York Zoological Gardens was not mere entertainment – it was educational.	0	0	0	arts-culture
"The boy must either leave here immediately or be confined, Hornaday said in a letter to Verner.	1	0	0	arts-culture
A day earlier, the New York Times had reported that a young African man – a so-called "pygmy" – had been put on display in the monkey house of the city's largest zoo.	1	0	0	arts-culture
A week later, Verner reported his first triumph.	0	0	1	arts-culture
After consulting with the city's attorney, Smith agreed to appeal to a court for Benga's release – and John Henry E Millholland, a wealthy white New Yorker who had founded the Constitution League to protest against the disenfranchisement of blacks in the south, agreed to finance the case.	1	1	0	arts-culture
After obtaining Benga, Verner advised McGee to send a statement to the prominent daily, weekly, and monthly publications to spread the news of his expedition.	0	1	0	arts-culture
Apparently no reporters were alerted to witness Benga's farewell.	1	0	0	arts-culture
As the fire rose to a brilliant flame, Benga danced around it while chanting and moaning.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Behind the scenes, they were measured, photographed and plaster casts were taken for busts.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Benga elected to travel with Verner on learning that he "wanted to employ pygmies".	0	0	0	arts-culture
Benga had only memories, and no one but he could know what form they took.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Benga, usually barefoot, often led a band of neighborhood boys to the forest to teach them the ways of a hunter: how to make bows from vines, hunt wild turkeys and squirrels, and trap small animals.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Benga's childlike ways and broken English were pleasing, Gabriel continued, "and the visitors find him the best of good fellows".	0	0	1	arts-culture
By early December, he had arrived in London – just as the British consul Roger Casement was returning to the city to file his report investigating atrocities against Congo natives.	1	1	0	arts-culture
By the end of September, more than 220,000 people had visited the zoo – twice as many as the same month one year earlier.	0	0	1	arts-culture
Children giggled and hooted with delight while adults laughed, many uneasily, at the sight.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Even white southerners leapt at the opportunity to mock New Yorkers for the unseemly display – "A Northern Outrage," in the words of one Louisiana newspaper, which added: "Yes, in the sacred city of New York where almost daily mobs find exciting sport in chasing negroes through the streets without much being said about it."	1	0	0	arts-culture
Finally, on the afternoon of Friday 28 September, 20 days after he first went on display – Benga quietly left the zoo, escorted by the man who had captured him.	0	0	0	arts-culture
For good measure, Verner secured a letter addressed to Leopold from John Hay, the US secretary of state.	0	0	0	arts-culture
For his part, he told reporters that Benga had been put in the primate house "because that's the most comfortable place we could find for him".	0	1	0	arts-culture
Four years earlier, Verner had brought a large collection of ethnological material to the Smithsonian Museum – as well as two boys from the "Batetela cannibal tribe", whom Verner had taken from Congo and offered to the museum as models.	0	0	0	arts-culture
He was taken to the Howard Coloured Orphan Asylum, in Brooklyn's Weeksville neighbourhood – the finely appointed orphanage run by Gordon, in the city's largest and most affluent African-American community.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Hornaday was so pleased by the attendance figures at the zoo that he quietly began making plans to keep Benga on display through the autumn, and possibly until the following spring.	0	0	1	arts-culture
Hornaday's response, however, was minimal: on the advice of Osborn, he quietly removed the sign outside Benga's cage.	0	1	0	arts-culture
In Benga they found an open and patient teacher, and a companion who uninhibitedly relived memories of a lost and longed-for life.	1	1	1	arts-culture
In one account, beneath the headline: "An Untold Chapter of My Adventures While Hunting Pygmies in Africa," a large portrait of a triumphant Verner, wearing a suit and bow tie, appears alongside pictures of his captives, including Benga, whom he claimed to have obtained for $5 worth of goods.	1	0	1	arts-culture
In response to such claims, Reverend Gordon publicly offered to house Benga at his own orphanage for black children.	1	1	0	arts-culture
In the harrowing stillness, he was free.	1	1	0	arts-culture
Louis Agassiz, the Harvard professor of geology and zoology, who at the time of his death in 1873 was arguably America's most venerated scientist, had insisted for more than two decades that blacks were a separate species, a "degraded and degenerate race".	1	0	1	arts-culture
On 21 March, Verner wrote to McGee to report that he, accompanied by a state official "of eminence and responsibility", had descended on a village.	0	0	0	arts-culture
On that Monday afternoon, a small group of ministers, led by the Reverend James H Gordon – then hailed by the Brooklyn Eagle as "one of the most eloquent Negroes in the country" – boarded a train to the zoological gardens, better known as the Bronx Zoo.	0	0	1	arts-culture
Samuel P Verner, the self-styled African explorer who took Benga from Congo, told a New York Times reporter that neither he nor the park would profit from the exhibition.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Some of his young companions would recall, decades later, a song he used to sing, which he had learned at the Theological Seminary: "I believe I'll go home / Lordy, won't you help me."	0	0	0	arts-culture
In the late afternoon of 19 March 1916, the boys watched as Benga gathered wood to build a fire in the field.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Somehow, the armed and determined Verner won over a boy he called Malengu, then another called Lanunu, then Shumbu and Bomushubba.	0	0	1	arts-culture
That is done for his own safety.	0	1	0	arts-culture
That it could have occurred in America's most cosmopolitan city in the 20th century would seem enough cause for astonishment.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The circumstances of their encounter would continue to change in the telling over the years.	0	0	0	arts-culture
They believed Benga belonged to an inferior species; putting him on display in the zoo promoted the highest ideals of modern civilisation.	0	0	0	arts-culture
They obtained another "pygmy" who had been temporarily placed in a local mission.	0	0	0	arts-culture
They were enraptured as he circled the flames, hopping and singing as if they were not there.	0	0	1	arts-culture
They were no older than 10, too young to grasp the poignancy of the ancient ritual.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Under the headline "Bushman Shares a Cage With Bronx Park Apes", the paper reported that crowds of up to 500 people at a time had gathered around the cage to gawk at the diminutive Ota Benga – just under 5ft tall, weighing 103lb – while he preoccupied himself with a pet parrot, deftly shot his bow and arrow, or wove a mat and hammock from bundles of twine placed in the cage.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Under the headline "What Is Ota Benga?" Vane-Tempest said that on the basis of his experience, Benga was actually a southern African Hottentot, and claimed to have conducted a conversation with Benga "in the tongue of the Hottentots".	0	0	0	arts-culture
Unrepentant, Hornaday declared that the show would go on just as the sign said, "each afternoon during September" or until he was ordered to stop it by the Zoological Society.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Verner added that he was a personal friend of the Belgian king, Leopold II, who controlled Congo Free State, and had promised any assistance required in the "diplomatic mission".	0	1	1	arts-culture
Verner had stopped to outfit himself with tropical and hunting equipment: he would ship at least 80 cases of supplies – including rifles and ammunition – to Congo.	0	1	0	arts-culture
Verner himself did not arrive in St Louis with his coveted acquisitions.	1	0	0	arts-culture
Verner reiterated that he had, in a previous letter to McGee, "covered the ground of what I thought wise in the event of a non-assent of the pygmies"; however, that letter has not been located.	1	1	0	arts-culture
We think we are worthy of being considered human beings, with souls."	0	0	0	arts-culture
William Temple Hornaday, the zoo's founding director and curator, defended the exhibition on the grounds of science.	0	0	0	arts-culture
When Gordon returned to the zoo that afternoon, he found Benga, with a guinea pig, in a cage surrounded by several hundred spectators.	0	0	0	arts-culture
Whether they are held to be illustrations of arrested development, and really closer to the anthropoid apes than the other African savages, or whether they are viewed as the degenerate descendants of ordinary negroes, they are of equal interest to the student of ethnology, and can be studied with profit."	0	1	0	arts-culture
The editorial said it was absurd to imagine Benga's suffering or humiliation.	0	0	0	arts-culture
While the ministers protested about Benga's presence in a cage, it was, on the contrary, "a vast room, a sort of balcony in the open air", which allowed visitors to observe the African guest "while breathing the fresh air".	1	1	0	arts-culture
Yet Verner claims he changed their minds by simply supplying salt – which traders and company officials paid the Congolese for their goods and which Verner claimed was more valuable than gold.	0	1	0	arts-culture
A vital part of Trump's appeal was his promise to make America emphatically great again, staunching the haemorrhage of jobs and investment to China and Mexico, and cutting back on handouts to Nato and illegal migrants.	1	1	1	politics
America is the proud possessor of the oldest extant written constitution in the world, which was for its time – 1787 – a highly innovative and important document.	0	1	1	politics
Both Republican power-brokers on the one hand and many of their Conservative counterparts on the other are busy investigating how and when they might drop these compromised leaders without also falling themselves.	1	1	0	politics
But again, such ambitions can suggest a degree of freedom of manoeuvre on the part of the UK that – in its diminished state, and given current challenges – it no longer has a realistic chance of possessing.	1	0	0	politics
Historically, the least worst option has been the best that almost all states and peoples in the world have had to settle for; many nations have not even been able to do that.	1	1	0	politics
It should go without saying that both this latter idea and the notion of "America first" bespeak a strong sense of entitlement.	0	0	0	politics
Many Democrats, for instance, are impatient with Trump's brand of isolationism and want the US to revert much more to its self-appointed postwar role of global policeman.	1	0	0	politics
Over the last couple of weeks, Kenya has inaugurated a new mega-railway, constructed and funded by the Chinese.	0	1	0	politics
Settling for a more federal future may be the better, more prudent and only practicable course for it – and the rest of the UK – to pursue.	0	1	1	politics
So do impatient UK voters.	0	0	0	politics
"There is a lot of science data ahead, and we anticipate we can operate for five to six or almost 10 more years, just not with all instruments on," Dodd said.	0	1	0	science-technology
Both probes still carry Golden Records containing pictures, messages and sounds from Earth because the spacecraft could outlast human civilization by billions of years.	0	1	0	science-technology
The probes are now "senior citizens," but they're in "good health" considering their age, Voyager project manager Suzanne Dodd said Monday.	0	0	1	science-technology
The scientists can still communicate with Voyager 2, even in interstellar space, but the data takes about 16.5 hours to travel back to Earth.	1	1	0	science-technology
This is the second time a human-made object has reached this part of space.	0	0	1	science-technology
Voyager 2 loses about 4 watts of power a year, and mission scientists have to shut off systems to keep instruments operating.	1	1	0	science-technology
Culture Fit	0	0	0	economy-job-market
Millennials have created waves across thousands of organizations.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
Further, since industries are rapidly changing, don't be surprised if you rarely see employees who consider themselves "lifers."	0	1	0	economy-job-market
Gen X and Baby Boomer members of the site may be less likely to report their extended history of employment, but rather the few most recent jobs.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
If money is your main motivator for work, then job-hopping can certainly help you along the path, especially if you are early in your career.	0	1	0	economy-job-market
It's true that most job-hoppers can raise their salary faster by changing companies than they can by going through the annual review cycle.	0	1	0	economy-job-market
One LinkedIn study says millennials job-hop more than their predecessors, however this only contains data LinkedIn members actually report.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Other reports show as much as a 20% increase possibility.	0	0	0	economy-job-market
Regardless of the assumptions and unclear conclusions around young employees, I'm convinced that they shouldn't apologize for job-hopping.	1	0	0	economy-job-market
Some employers may even prefer candidates who can bring knowledge of their competitor and the ability to learn quickly.	0	1	0	economy-job-market
"They are asking us (and advocacy groups) to give them that information," Rahnama said.	0	0	0	immigration
A Trump administration official pushed back on Warren's account Monday morning, saying "reunifications are happening for the purposes of removal at Port Isabel."	1	1	0	immigration
He found a private donor to pay for him and a few colleagues to fly to the border.	0	1	1	immigration
LOS FRESNOS, Texas – Near the end of a two-lane stretch of road leading to the Port Isabel Detention Center, attorney Sirine Shebaya is choking back emotion over the lengths mothers and fathers are going to be reunited with their children.	1	1	0	immigration
Of those able to contact their child, only some had a vague idea of the child's whereabouts and little information on the conditions of where the child was staying.	1	0	0	immigration
Ofelia Calderon serves on the board of the Dulles Justice Coalition, a group of attorneys that formed when President Donald Trump signed an executive order that initially banned people from seven Muslim majority countries from obtaining visas to enter the U.S.	1	0	0	immigration
Calderon said in her interviews of 35 people over a day-and-a-half, all had had their children taken from them, and about 30 percent had made contact with their child.	1	0	0	immigration
Officials said Port Isabel would be its reunification center.	0	1	0	immigration
One person Calderon spoke to had a 10-year-old son who had been able to tell the parent "I think I'm in Miami," but little else.	0	0	0	immigration
People in detention have to receive money from relatives to buy minutes on phone cards to speak with family members.	1	1	0	immigration
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., spent two and a half hours in the Port Isabel Detention Center on Sunday night.	0	0	0	immigration
Some have found out where the children are through family back home.	1	1	1	immigration
The man who the child said was his father is sending him money to return to Honduras.	0	1	0	immigration
The official said parents are given the option to take their child with them upon removal and the child is then transferred to Port Isabel for the deportation.	1	1	0	immigration
Those who do have contact with their children get about one to two minutes on the phone with them, Calderon said.	0	0	0	immigration
We are looking diligently to contact them.	0	0	0	immigration
He also gave one to his wife; it was their anniversary.	0	0	0	sports
I wonder how many people who passed along that video to condemn a man with a click will now pass along the true story of his kindness?	1	0	0	sports
The Cubs tweeted the photo to say, "A @javy23baez signed ball should take care of it."	0	0	0	sports
The little boy smiled under the brim of his boat-sized hat, and held up two baseballs.	0	0	1	sports
The man doesn't want to be identified, but said through the team, "Many foul balls came our way that day and were happily shared among the children in our area.	0	0	1	sports
The next time you might be tempted, think of this:	0	0	0	sports
In the fourth inning of Sunday's game between the Chicago Cubs and St. Louis Cardinals, the Cubs' first base coach tossed a foul ball to a smiling youngster in the stands who wore a Cubs hat endearingly too large for him.	0	0	0	sports
What the Cubs discovered from people nearby was that the man in question wound up with four balls during the game, and gave three to children, including the young man who had appeared to be swindled.	0	0	0	sports
In an era of "great, great walls" and "bad hombres," an exhibition called "State of Exception/Estado de Excepción" at Parsons School of Design fills the bill.	1	1	1	arts-culture
So when it turns up, it's worth a look.	0	0	1	arts-culture
The Parsons exhibition, organized by Amanda Krugliak, an artist, and Richard Barnes, a photographer, with help from Mr. De León, is a document and an indictment of that policy.	1	0	0	arts-culture
The statistic comes from the 2015 book the show is based on, "The Land of Open Graves: Living and Dying on the Migrant Trail," written by the American anthropologist Jason De León, with photos by Michael Wells.	1	0	0	arts-culture
"At a certain moment we will have to respond," he said.	0	0	0	politics
But he indicated this would not continue indefinitely.	0	0	0	politics
Echoing Mr. Trump's own repeated assertion that the Russia investigations were "fake news" ginned up by crestfallen Democrats to explain Hillary Clinton's defeat, Mr. Putin said he did not consider the various inquiries in Washington as investigations "because an investigation envisages full clarification of all circumstances, studying and hearing various parties." 	1	0	0	politics
He added, "We see just an increase in anti-Russia hysteria."	1	0	0	politics
He derided efforts to clarify any links between members of Mr. Trump's campaign staff and Moscow as "just the use of Russophobic tools in an internal political struggle, in this case the struggle between President Trump and his political opponents."	1	0	0	politics
Yet, with Russian legislators already clamoring for "painful" measures against the United States in retaliation for the new American sanctions, Mr. Putin seemed eager to slow momentum toward a tit-for-tat diplomatic ruckus that would leave relations even more strained than they were under Mr. Obama.	1	0	0	politics
Last November Moscow's political elite cheered Mr. Trump's election victory, expecting that he would quickly reverse sanctions imposed under President Barack Obama, which included the seizure in December of two Russian diplomatic compounds in New York and Maryland.	1	1	1	politics
That is why the United States is proposing sanctions."	1	1	0	politics
Such penalties, he said, "would have an immediate impact not only on Russia but other countries, too," and would be the topic of discussion between the European Union and the United States.	1	0	0	politics
